"The Source Filmmaker (SFM) is the movie-making tool built and used by us here at Valve to make movies inside the Source game engine. Because the SFM uses the same assets as the game, anything that exists in the game can be used in the movie, and vice versa.","After the destruction of the EARTH in 2150, the leaders of the Eurasian Dynasty escaped on board an evacuation fleet. Now they are fighting for the survival of the human species. Their base is one large building comprising of smaller variable parts.","... 300 years after Aziraal has been banished, a brother and sister are drawn into the conflict which has flared up between the Orcs and the free world. Kyra, the hero's younger sister, suddenly disappears in mysterious circumstances.«...If my family really belongs to the chosen ones, why then have we always been as poor as church mice?","Discover a new breed of Action-RPG game powered by an enhanced version of the Source™ Engine by Valve. Set in the Might &amp;amp; Magic® universe, players will experience ferocious combat in a dark and immersive fantasy environment. Swords, Stealth, Sorcery. Choose your way to kill.","Discover a new breed of Action-RPG game powered by an enhanced version of the Source™ Engine by Valve. Set in the Might &amp;amp; Magic® universe, players will experience ferocious combat in a dark and immersive fantasy environment. Swords, Stealth, Sorcery. Choose your way to kill.","Discover a new breed of Action-RPG game powered by an enhanced version of the Source™ Engine by Valve. Set in the Might &amp;amp; Magic® universe, players will experience ferocious combat in a dark and immersive fantasy environment. Swords, Stealth, Sorcery. Choose your way to kill.","Welcome to the Arena, where high-ranking warriors are transformed into spineless mush. Abandoning every ounce of common sense and any trace of doubt, you lunge onto a stage of harrowing landscapes and veiled abysses.",The latest chapter in the Quake series is now on Steam!,"Maybe it was the fact that people got to blow away Nazis. Maybe it was the sheer challenge of it all. For whatever reason, Wolfenstein 3D and Spear of Destiny, pioneered the first-person shooter genre and brought its legendary creators, id Software, worldwide notoriety and numerous awards.","The complete megahit game that set the world afire. Plus All-New Episode IV: Thy Flesh Consumed. The demons came and the marines died. Except one. You are the last defense against these hell-spawned hordes. Prepare for the most intense mutant-laden, blood-splattered action ever!","Two New, 32-Level DOOM II Episodes. Evilution: Far from earth, the UAC recommenced their experiments on on of the moons of Jupiter. A spaceship, mistaken for a supply vexxel on radar, hovered above the base. Hideous demons poured out, blanketing the base with death. All your comrades were quickly slaughtered or zombified.","Let the Obsession begin. Again. This time, the entire forces of the netherworld have overrun Earth. To save her, you must descend into the stygian depths of Hell itself! Battle mightier, nastier, deadlier demons and monsters. Use more powerful weapons.","Rage through 32 single player levels and 6 deathmatch levels of sheer terror and fully immersive sound and lighting. Arm yourself against the cannibalistic Ogre, fiendish Vore and indestructible Schambler using lethal nails, fierce Thunderbolts and abominable Rocket and Grenade Launchers.","Shortly after landing on an alien surface, you learn that hundreds of your men have been reduced to just a few. Now you must fight your way through heavily fortified military installations, lower the city's defenses and shut down the enemy's war machine. Only then will the fate of humanity be known.","You are part of an elite commando force that must infiltrate a hostile alien cite. Once inside, you must scour industrial landscapes, crawl through waterways and air ducts, navigate treacherous canyons teeming with vicious mutants, stow away on an alien spacecraft, and destroy the enemy's secret moon base.","Take out the Big Gun sounded simple enough, except the Strogg were waiting. You, and a few marines like you, are the lucky ones. You've made it down in one piece and are still able to contact the fleet. The Gravity Well, the Strogg's newest weapon in its arsenal against mankind, is operational.","Never before have the forces aligned. United by name and by cause, The Fallen, Pagans, Crusaders, Intruders, and Stroggs must channel their power into an allied operation where teamwork is the only method of mass destruction. Four distinct games test each troop's synthesis and strength to exacting degrees.","While you were battling the evil forces of D'Sparil, the other Serpent Riders were busy sowing the seeds of destruction in other dimensions. One such dimension is the decaying world where Hexen takes place. A world littered with the mangled corpses of nonbelievers and inhabited by the undead followers that executed them.","Where HeXen Ends, the True Nightmare Begins. Deathkings of the Dark Citadel is the only official expansion of the original HeXen game. This add-on pack features 20 new single player levels from the original HeXen team as well as a host of new multiplayer options.","In a twisted medieval dimension, undead creatures and bestial horrors have done the unthinkable--callously slaughtering your entire race. Your friends. Your family. Eliminated. But the nightmare has just begun.",The Ship is a murder mystery multiplayer. Buy The Ship: Remasted and get The Ship: Murder Party FREE!!,"The Ship is a murder mystery alternative to traditional FPS multiplayer games - hunt and be hunted! Package includes multiplayer, single player and tutorial.","Congratulations, you’ve just been cast in your first slasher movie by the notorious Director X!","Shadowgrounds breathes fresh air into the action genre with explosive combat sequences, an innovative weapon upgrade system, and an intriguing storyline. The adrenaline-pumping, top-down gameplay and audiovisual fireworks set the scene for this new action experience which also includes single computer (split keyboard or joystick) co-op...","Shadowgrounds breathes fresh air into the action genre with explosive combat sequences, an innovative weapon upgrade system, and an intriguing storyline. The adrenaline-pumping, top-down gameplay and audiovisual fireworks set the scene for this new action experience which also includes single computer (split keyboard or joystick) co-op...","Gumboy has fun and novel gameplay set in a richly imagined world. With simple game controls, Gumboy lets the player bounce, roll, float, and fly through the world. Additionally, Gumboy can change size, shape and material.","Gumboy has fun and novel gameplay set in a richly imagined world. With simple game controls, Gumboy lets the player bounce, roll, float, and fly through the world. Additionally, Gumboy can change size, shape and material.","Gumboy has fun and novel gameplay set in a richly imagined world. With simple game controls, Gumboy lets the player bounce, roll, float, and fly through the world. Additionally, Gumboy can change size, shape and material.","With the completion of the third title in the RIP series, the RIP games have become an instant classic in the arcade-shooter genre. RIP &amp;#151; Trilogy brings all three RIP titles into one exciting and heart-pounding pack. RIP Not afraid of Death? What if he is accompanied by Halloween and Rock-N-Roll?","With the completion of the third title in the RIP series, the RIP games have become an instant classic in the arcade-shooter genre. RIP &amp;#151; Trilogy brings all three RIP titles into one exciting and heart-pounding pack. RIP Not afraid of Death? What if he is accompanied by Halloween and Rock-N-Roll?","With the completion of the third title in the RIP series, the RIP games have become an instant classic in the arcade-shooter genre. RIP &amp;#151; Trilogy brings all three RIP titles into one exciting and heart-pounding pack. RIP Not afraid of Death? What if he is accompanied by Halloween and Rock-N-Roll?","With the completion of the third title in the RIP series, the RIP games have become an instant classic in the arcade-shooter genre. RIP &amp;#151; Trilogy brings all three RIP titles into one exciting and heart-pounding pack. RIP Not afraid of Death? What if he is accompanied by Halloween and Rock-N-Roll?",Vigil: Blood Bitterness plunges you into the dark and disturbing story of an ancient civilization where you must reveal the secrets of your past and exact revenge on the Evil destroying your universe. Ritualistic killings and blood lust blur the line between your own kind and the Evil you seek to annihilate.,Vigil: Blood Bitterness plunges you into the dark and disturbing story of an ancient civilization where you must reveal the secrets of your past and exact revenge on the Evil destroying your universe. Ritualistic killings and blood lust blur the line between your own kind and the Evil you seek to annihilate.,"Somewhere in deep space, at an apparently abandoned mining base on the asteriod Alpha Prime, something has gone terribly wrong. Miners were warned that the hubbardium they were mining was too dangerous, but the lure of unimaginable wealth was too strong.","Vampire®: The Masquerade-Bloodlines™ delivers a new type of RPG experience-one that blends all the core elements of a traditional RPG with the graphical richness, immediacy and brutal combat of a first-person action game. The game plunges players into the dark and gritty vampire underworld of modern-day L.A. as a creature of the night.","When life robs Colton White of all that matters, the only thing left he can trust is his GUN. From award-winning developer, Neversoft, and accomplished screenwriter, Randall Jahnson (The Mask of Zorro, The Doors), GUN follows Colton on his quest for discovery as he seeks to exact vengeful justice on those who have wronged him.",Call of Duty® delivers the gritty realism and cinematic intensity of World War II's epic battlefield moments like never before - through the eyes of citizen soldiers and unsung heroes from an alliance of countries who together helped shape the course of modern history.,"Call of Duty® 2 redefines the cinematic intensity and chaos of battle as seen through the eyes of ordinary soldiers fighting together in epic WWII conflicts. The sequel to 2003's Call of Duty, winner of over 80 Game of the Year awards, Call of Duty 2 offers more immense, more intense, more realistic battles than ever before, thanks to...",Award-winning developer Gray Matter Interactive follows up on the success of Infinity Ward's Call of Duty™ - winner of over 80 Game of the Year and 50 Editors' Choice awards worldwide - with Call of Duty™: United Offensive™.,Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 Platinum combines the excitement of rollercoasters with the fun of a great strategy simulation. RCT3 Platinum combines the roller coaster theme park fun of the Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 with included expansion packs Soaked! and Wild! Now enjoy more options than ever.,"Tomorrow's War Is NOW Ripped from today's headlines, Act of War: Direct Action™ is a frightening tale of suspense, international intrigue and geopolitical military conflict. This real-time strategy experience puts you squarely in control of counterterrorist forces and delivers a first look at tomorrow's war.","ThreadSpace: Hyperbol is an action-strategy game set in the distant future. Players battle each other on roads in space as they pilot massive ships capable of firing a wide variety of weapons. Create defenses, coordinate with your team, and launch an assault against your opponents to achieve victory!","ThreadSpace: Hyperbol is an action-strategy game set in the distant future. Players battle each other on roads in space as they pilot massive ships capable of firing a wide variety of weapons. Create defenses, coordinate with your team, and launch an assault against your opponents to achieve victory!","Sequel to the highly successful Operation Flashpoint, ARMA: Combat Operations is a first person tactical military shooter on the PC with large elements of realism and simulation. This game features a blend of large-scale military conflict spread across large areas alongside the more close quartered battles.","X²: The Threat is of a new generation of space simulator games, you play the role of Julian Gardna who continues the story set by X: Beyond The Frontier. The updated graphics engine gives the universe a fresher feel with newly designed ships and stations adding to the complexity of the universe.","The Sequel to the award winning X²: The Threat introduces a new 3D engine as well as a new story, new ships and a new gameplay to greatly increase the variety in the X-universe. The economy of X³: Reunion is more complex than anything seen in the X-universe before.","It is the year 2938. The long wished-for encounter of the X Universe and the Earth holds both joy and sorrow for the people. Despite flourishing trade, the clash of the diverse races, cultures and life forms creates new tensions, mistrust and open conflict that need to be overcome!","The Human Race had advanced to the point where we could travel among the stars, we developed giant automated machines to help us colonise other worlds, but there was a fault in their programming and they turned and attacked. Forcing us to lay a trap to protect Earth and exiling the Human race to stay on Earth once again.",X-Tension is the eagerly awaited expansion pack to X: Beyond the Frontier. The expansion is not limited by a linear plot line but makes use of new ways to expand your empire. You can now take part in missions that are offered to you throughout the game.,"In the distant future, the X universe faces a period of profound and irrevocable change. While the universe stumbles towards an uncertain future, countless adventures await as new enemies rise in search of power.","688(I) Hunter/Killer, the most realistic submarine simulation ever developed for PC. Master the sonar and weapons control systems, learn to develop real target situations and outfit your boat with the latest advanced weaponry. Then use your skills to complete the tour of duty and earn your dolphins to become a true submariner.","International waterways become theaters of war when the world's most formidable maritime powers exchange their fatal blows. With entire fleets at your command, you must strategically deploy vessels from every class - frigate to aircraft to nuclear submarine - to maintain the precarious balance of naval power and gain position for the...","Take charge of the most deadly modern-day submarines in the world - three distinct submarines across two unique and challenging campaigns. Utilize cutting-edge sensor and weapon technology to locate, track and destroy the enemy - even deliver Tomahawk missiles to inland targets.","DRIVING THIS RECKLESS IS NO ACCIDENT! But you might want to cause a few. In these high-speed races, the more damage you inflict, the better. The ultimate in turbo-charged cars and the craziest competitor drivers are waiting to test your best destructive streak. Responsible drivers need not apply.","GTI Racing uniquely blends a realistic and highly detailed car physics simulation with the pure fun of driving in a very dynamic way. Grab the wheel, push the pedal to the metal and gather the sensation for the incredible sense of speed and the power of all the real world cars.","Xpand Rally is a breathtaking game that gives you the true to life experience of driving powerful rally cars amidst photorealistic sceneries. Realistic weather effects, rolling hills, and animated scenery all add to game's visual perfection.","Call of Juarez is an epic adventure western themed FPS game. The player alternately assumes the roles of two distinct, antagonistic characters: a sneaking fugitive Billy and his hunter the reverend Ray. Apart from the highly interesting, emotional and psychological aspect of the link between the two characters, the player will experience...","Xpand Rally Xtreme shows the true climate and conditions of rally racing. Dangerous, technical tracks, based on the world's hardest special stages full of moguls,jumps,grooves and tight hairpins. By winning races amass funds for faster cars and repairs.","Men of War: Red Tide is a sequel to the critically acclaimed RTS Men of War. Red Tide introduces a new story driven campaign based on the writings of Soviet scribe Alexander Zorich, it also includes dozens of new or upgraded units and weapons.",King's Bounty: Armored Princess is a sequel to the critically acclaimed King’s Bounty: The Legend.,King's Bounty: Armored Princess is a sequel to the critically acclaimed King’s Bounty: The Legend.,"Three thousand years in the future, mankind has carved a bloody path towards domination of the known universe. Self-proclaimed as a divine race and beyond reproach as a species, they view all alien races as inferior.","As an expert safecracker, you are hired by the wealthy family of a recently deceased to search his mansion for his last will and testament. Duncan W. Adams was an avid safe collector and an 'eccentric,' to say the least. Adams has hidden the deed to his vast fortunes in one of 35 safes.","The critically-acclaimed and award-winning FPS franchise is back! Packed with tons of fast-paced, adrenaline-fueled single player and multiplayer action, Painkiller Overdose brings with it 6 innovative new demonic weapons, mind-bending physics, lightning-player maps, over 40 demented and sickly-twisted monsters from Hell and gigantic end...","The critically-acclaimed and award-winning FPS franchise is back! Packed with tons of fast-paced, adrenaline-fueled single player and multiplayer action, Painkiller Overdose brings with it 6 innovative new demonic weapons, mind-bending physics, lightning-player maps, over 40 demented and sickly-twisted monsters from Hell and gigantic end...",,,,,,,"Survive the ancient temples of Zuma, the critically acclaimed action-puzzler from PopCap! Deep in the jungle lie hidden temples bursting with traps and trickery, and it's up to you to uncover their treasures.","Survive the ancient temples of Zuma, the critically acclaimed action-puzzler from PopCap! Deep in the jungle lie hidden temples bursting with traps and trickery, and it's up to you to uncover their treasures.",,,,,,,,,,,,,"It's shoot-'em-up arcade action at its best! Use an incredible assortment of heavy artillery to blast away enemy tanks and planes, and fight your way to victory. What are you waiting for? Pull yourself up by your bootstraps and get into the action! Blast your way through 19 missions packed with peril.","It's shoot-'em-up arcade action at its best! Use an incredible assortment of heavy artillery to blast away enemy tanks and planes, and fight your way to victory. What are you waiting for? Pull yourself up by your bootstraps and get into the action! Blast your way through 19 missions packed with peril.",,,,,,,,,,,"Take your best shot with energizing arcade fun! Aim, shoot, clear the orange pegs, then sit back and cheer as 10 whimsical teachers guide you to Peggle greatness. Conquer 55 fanciful levels with 10 mystical Magic Powers, racking up bonus points and shots you'll smile about for weeks.","Take your best shot with energizing arcade fun! Aim, shoot, clear the orange pegs, then sit back and cheer as 10 whimsical teachers guide you to Peggle greatness. Conquer 55 fanciful levels with 10 mystical Magic Powers, racking up bonus points and shots you'll smile about for weeks.","Mayday! The Peggle Institute has been invaded by a host of other-worldly creatures. It's up to you, Peggle Master, to report to duty and shoot and bounce the critters to oblivion. Take your best shot with energizing arcade fun, now exclusively themed with art and sounds from The Orange Box!","Venice is sinking and only you can save it! From the floating fortress of your golden gondola, you'll restore the city by returning its lost treasures. Sling costly coins, launch lovely lyres and ricochet ruby rings into the corresponding spaces overhead.","Venice is sinking and only you can save it! From the floating fortress of your golden gondola, you'll restore the city by returning its lost treasures. Sling costly coins, launch lovely lyres and ricochet ruby rings into the corresponding spaces overhead.",You are the world-famous Mystery P.I. and you've been hired by Grandma Rose to find her $488 million dollar winning lottery ticket that has gone missing! Retrace Grandma's steps to collect clues by finding hidden objects and solving puzzles. Search the city for the clues and piece them together to solve the case.,You are the world-famous Mystery P.I. and you've been hired by Grandma Rose to find her $488 million dollar winning lottery ticket that has gone missing! Retrace Grandma's steps to collect clues by finding hidden objects and solving puzzles. Search the city for the clues and piece them together to solve the case.,You are an adventure seeker who travels the world in search of forgotten &amp; lost treasures. Search for hidden objects and circumvent unique puzzle traps to recover the most sought after treasures the world has ever known. A newly-discovered fragment of an ancient map is believed to reveal the location of the Lost Tomb of Egypt.,You are an adventure seeker who travels the world in search of forgotten &amp; lost treasures. Search for hidden objects and circumvent unique puzzle traps to recover the most sought after treasures the world has ever known. A newly-discovered fragment of an ancient map is believed to reveal the location of the Lost Tomb of Egypt.,The heist of the century has just happened! You've been hired by the casino to find &amp; return the stolen money before its grand opening in 16 hours. Search for over 2300 cleverly hidden objects in 25 intriguing locations to solve the Vegas Heist. Two addictive ways to play: Vegas Heist mode and Unlimited Seek &amp;amp; Find mode.,The heist of the century has just happened! You've been hired by the casino to find &amp; return the stolen money before its grand opening in 16 hours. Search for over 2300 cleverly hidden objects in 25 intriguing locations to solve the Vegas Heist. Two addictive ways to play: Vegas Heist mode and Unlimited Seek &amp;amp; Find mode.,"Pieces of an ancient stone tablet have started turning up around the globe and the Museum needs your help to locate the pieces and find the most expensive gem ever known...the &amp;#147;World Diamond&amp;#148;. Under the direction of the Museum, you must immediately begin your global seek &amp; find adventure.","Pieces of an ancient stone tablet have started turning up around the globe and the Museum needs your help to locate the pieces and find the most expensive gem ever known...the &amp;#147;World Diamond&amp;#148;. Under the direction of the Museum, you must immediately begin your global seek &amp; find adventure.","The sun has set at the Peggle Institute, but the bouncy delight has just begun! Join the Peggle Masters on a dreamtime adventure of alter egos and peg-tastic action. Stay up late to aim, shoot and clear orange pegs, and bask in Extreme Fever glory under the silver moon. Then, put your Peggle skills to the ultimate test in Challenge mode.","Spin, match, explode... WOW! It's a brilliant new way to play Bejeweled! Get set for a vivid sensory rush as you spin and match explosive gems for shockwaves of fun. Rotate jewels freely to set up electrifying combos, outwit surprising obstacles like Locks and Bombs, and create high-voltage Flame and Lightning gems.","Spin, match, explode... WOW! It's a brilliant new way to play Bejeweled! Get set for a vivid sensory rush as you spin and match explosive gems for shockwaves of fun. Rotate jewels freely to set up electrifying combos, outwit surprising obstacles like Locks and Bombs, and create high-voltage Flame and Lightning gems.",A fun loving &amp; eccentric New York billionaire has hidden the will to his vast fortune somewhere in New York City! His family only has 17 hours to locate the will or their Grandpa's entire estate will be given to his cat &amp; dog. You are the world famous Mystery P.I. and the family has hired you to track down the clues hidden all over NYC.,A fun loving &amp; eccentric New York billionaire has hidden the will to his vast fortune somewhere in New York City! His family only has 17 hours to locate the will or their Grandpa's entire estate will be given to his cat &amp; dog. You are the world famous Mystery P.I. and the family has hired you to track down the clues hidden all over NYC.,"The Wizard has vanished, and only you can find him in this spellbinding hidden-object adventure! The clues to the Wizard's whereabouts are in his workbook, but all the pages are blank. You'll need his magic pen to uncover and guess the image on each page.","The Wizard has vanished, and only you can find him in this spellbinding hidden-object adventure! The clues to the Wizard's whereabouts are in his workbook, but all the pages are blank. You'll need his magic pen to uncover and guess the image on each page.","Zombies are invading your home, and the only defense is your arsenal of plants! Armed with an alien nursery-worth of zombie-zapping plants like peashooters and cherry bombs, you'll need to think fast and plant faster to stop dozens of types of zombies dead in their tracks.","Zombies are invading your home, and the only defense is your arsenal of plants! Armed with an alien nursery-worth of zombie-zapping plants like peashooters and cherry bombs, you'll need to think fast and plant faster to stop dozens of types of zombies dead in their tracks.",An unexpected storm has left you shipwrecked on a mysterious and remote private island. Seek &amp; find cleverly hidden objects and solve puzzles to find a way off the island! Find over 2100 hidden objects in 25 intriguing and mysterious locations to find items that will help you escape!,An unexpected storm has left you shipwrecked on a mysterious and remote private island. Seek &amp; find cleverly hidden objects and solve puzzles to find a way off the island! Find over 2100 hidden objects in 25 intriguing and mysterious locations to find items that will help you escape!,Seek &amp; Find the Hollywood Blockbuster! The only copy of this year's biggest blockbuster movie has gone missing the day before the VIP Hollywood premiere. You are the world famous Mystery P.I. and have been hired to track down and return the lost movie. Seek &amp; Find over 2100 hidden objects in 25 stunning L.A.,Seek &amp; Find the Hollywood Blockbuster! The only copy of this year's biggest blockbuster movie has gone missing the day before the VIP Hollywood premiere. You are the world famous Mystery P.I. and have been hired to track down and return the lost movie. Seek &amp; Find over 2100 hidden objects in 25 stunning L.A.,New low price!,New low price!,"As World War II draws to a close, the first covert battles of the Cold War begin. Caught in the life and death struggle between Soviets and Germans in war-torn Berlin, you control the fate of a lone American OSS Sniper.","Welcome to Mega-City One, a city of over 400 million people - every one of them a potential criminal. It is the third decade of the 22nd Century, unemployment is widespread, boredom is universal and only the Judges can prevent total anarchy. Empowered to dispense instant justice, they are Judge, Jury and Executioner all in one.","Everybody wants to rule the world! Achieve global power with EVIL GENIUS, the one and only complete world domination simulator. All the everyday tasks of the deliciously wicked mastermind are available to experience and master from building your ultra-secret base to developing spectacular super-weapons to carry out your nefarious master...","Aliens Versus Predator Classic 2000 features the Colonial Marine, Alien and Predator Campaigns and the frenetic single-player Skirmish mode from the original title: Alien Versus Predator Gold Edition, which was released to massive acclaim in 2000.","A common legend pervades the galaxy-that of a powerful, highly intelligent ancient race that will one day deliver the universe. They are known as Humans. The Advent of Humanity Begins...","In the years between the World Wars, Agent BloodRayne works as a killing machine for The Brimstone Society--a top secret fraternity that hunts down and destroys supernatural threats. Starring heroine Rayne, this original action horror game unleashed the red headed dhampir on the world.","BloodRayne is a dhampir, born from the unnatural union of vampire and human. Blessed with the powers of a vampire but cursed with the thirst for blood and a weakness to sunlight, Rayne is challenged with her most personal battle yet as she hunts down her siblings.","A Psychic Odyssey Through the Minds of Misfits, Monsters, and Madmen. This classic action/adventure platformer from acclaimed developers Double Fine Productions follows the story of a young psychic named Razputin.","Here it is! All the pleasure of Psychonauts music gathered here for you to enjoy, without all that tedious running, jumping , and otherwise playing of the game. Peter McConnell has put together a fantastic score for you to enjoy. Every track here is so different, and yet they have so many sneaky things in common.","Okay, remember how a little while ago I was saying, ""The soundtrack to Psychonauts is so good, you just have to buy it!"" Well, this is a little awkward to say, but I had the wrong soundtrack. This is the one I meant. Not the other one. I mean, that one is fine, but THIS one is the really good one. You should buy this one.","BloodRayne is a dhampir, born from the unnatural union of vampire and human. Blessed with the powers of a vampire but cursed with the thirst for blood and a weakness to sunlight, Rayne is challenged with her most personal battle yet as she hunts down her siblings.","With over 6 million units sold and unprecedented critical acclaim from fans and press around the world, Sid Meier's Civilization is recognized as one of the greatest PC game franchises of all-time. Now, Sid Meier and Firaxis Games will take this incredibly fun and addictive game to new heights by adding new ways to play and win, new...","Sid Meier's Civilization III: Complete, the latest offering in the Sid Meier's Civilization III franchise, provides gaming fans with Sid Meier's Civilization III, the highly-addictive journey of discovery, combined with the updated and enhanced multiplayer expansion pack Sid Meier's Civilization III: Play the World*, as well as all of the","Sail the Caribbean, marauding all on the high seas or ally your ship and crew as a privateer in search of riches - the life you choose is up to you. Face dogged enemies, raid unsuspecting villages, woo fair maidens, avoid capture or dig for buried treasure. Discover what it takes to become one of the most famous pirates in history!","Following a great increase in terrorism, internal strife and ultimately, the nuclear destruction of Washington, D.C., the United States shatters into a half-dozen nation-states that descend into war. Take the helm of one of these newfound sovereignties (or the 'peacekeeping' European Expeditionary Force) and struggle to reunify America...","CivCity: Rome, an innovative city builder inspired by the world of Sid Meiers Civilization, and created by a collaboration between Firefly Studios and Firaxis Games, invites players to shift focus from building a multi-city empire and zoom-in on the great cities of the Roman Empire, culminating in Rome itself!","Sid Meier's Civilization IV: Warlords is the first expansion pack for the award-winning game that has become an instant world-wide hit. Paying homage to some of history's greatest military leaders, the expansion delivers six unique and interesting scenarios, giving players the chance to change the course of history with the help of their...",Garry's Mod is a physics sandbox. There aren't any predefined aims or goals. We give you the tools and leave you to play.,"You've been invited back for Season 2! Poker Superstars II raises the stakes with more superstars, a bigger tournament and a brand new poker AI. Import your own photo into the game and become a Poker Superstar.","You've been invited back for Season 2! Poker Superstars II raises the stakes with more superstars, a bigger tournament and a brand new poker AI. Import your own photo into the game and become a Poker Superstar.","The Official WTCC Game | RACE is the first ever game to be focused on the hard hitting, intense action of the exciting WTCC championship which is exploding in popularity all over the world. Based on WTCC, one of only three official FIA world championships next to Formula 1 and WRC, RACE features the complete WTCC championship season of...","The Official WTCC Game | RACE is the first ever game to be focused on the hard hitting, intense action of the exciting WTCC championship which is exploding in popularity all over the world. Based on WTCC, one of only three official FIA world championships next to Formula 1 and WRC, RACE features the complete WTCC championship season of...","UpdateSimBin Studios expands the hit racing game, RACE 07 with the Andy Priaulx Crowne Plaza Raceway free add-on. Free for owners of RACE 07, this add-on features a brand new island track and new cars from triple World Champion Andy Priaulx in his BMW 320si WTCC and Fabrizio Giovanardi in his Vauxhall Vectra VXR.Real Cars, Real Racing...","Celebrating the 50-year anniversary of Caterham Cars Ltd, RACE fans can now expand the WTCC Experience with this exceptional series of classic sportscars. RACE: CATERHAM introduces a total of 60 individual new cars/car skins based on some of the most exciting models in the Caterham sports car range, including the Caterham CSR 200, CSR...","RoboBlitz&amp;trade; is a humorous, physics-based action game full of inventive gizmos, weapons, characters, and environments. Players take on the role of Blitz, a multi-talented robot who must activate an aging Space Cannon to save his world from a band of maladjusted space pirates.","RoboBlitz&amp;trade; is a humorous, physics-based action game full of inventive gizmos, weapons, characters, and environments. Players take on the role of Blitz, a multi-talented robot who must activate an aging Space Cannon to save his world from a band of maladjusted space pirates.","Silverfall, a once glorious city, lies in the fantastical Kingdom of Nelwë, where the forces of Technology and Nature are strongly opposed. Symptoms of this terrible conflict have begun to manifest physically as melded cyberbiologic organics and living steam-driven automatons.","Silverfall, a once glorious city, lies in the fantastical Kingdom of Nelwë, where the forces of Technology and Nature are strongly opposed. Symptoms of this terrible conflict have begun to manifest physically as melded cyberbiologic organics and living steam-driven automatons.","Construct the city of the 21st Century with City Life! City Life 2008 Edition is a next-generation City Builder. Its 3D game engine provides a level of detail and animation unprecedented in the City Builder genre, with total freedom of construction.",Silverfall Earth Awakening is an action RPG with unique graphical feel offering a fantastic quest to explore the new territories of Nelwë. In this heroic fantasy world where nature and technology collide you will have to make important choices which will lead you to side with one or the other.,"In 1986, the world's worst nuclear disaster occurred at the Chernobyl power station. Soviet authorities established a 30km 'Exclusion Zone' around this nuclear wasteland, but in 2006 a second explosion rocked the stricken reactor, obliterating all living things and causing the Zone's boundaries to ripple outwards.","The U.S. Army is the most powerful ground force in the entire world. The backbone of a ground invasion is the U.S. Army Infantry, and in the midst of combat, their skills, courage, and teamwork are put to the test. While readiness continues to be the U.S. Army's top priority, how it goes about its business is changing.","Sequel to the critically acclaimed, squad-based/real-time tactical combat game, Full Spectrum Warrior: Ten Hammers delivers the most authentic and realistic infantry combat experience ever. As Squad Leader, coordinate the actions of multiple infantry squads, leading them through over 12 levels of intense action.","Delivering a visceral WWII gaming experience, Company of Heroes redefines real time strategy gaming by bringing the sacrifice of heroic soldiers, war-ravaged environments, and dynamic battlefields to life.","Prepare yourself for the grim, dark future of the 41st millennium, where alien races battle mankind for galactic domination in a universe of unending war. Personalize your armies with a revolutionary unit customization tool that gives you the ability to choose your armies insignias, banners, squad colors and names.","Deep under the central desert of Kronus, a vast honeycomb of skull-lined tunnels and funeral chambers house the awakening Necron menace. Eons ago, these were the boulevards and squares of a great necropolis built to house the bones of the races who had fallen to the Necrons, and ultimately were where the Necrons themselves retire to...","Spanning the most turbulent era in Western history, your quest for territory and power takes you through Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and even onto the shores of the New World.","Spanning the most turbulent era in Western history, your quest for territory and power takes you through Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and even onto the shores of the New World.","What twists the mind of an ordinary human into a serial killer? Assigned to the Serial Crimes Unit, Agent Ethan Thomas must answer this question, and bring the worst of society to justice. His solve rate is the best in the bureau....perhaps too good.",Control and conquer the greatest empire ever known to man.,Rome: Total War - Alexander is the second official expansion pack to Rome: Total War. An entirely new campaign map that stretches from Macedonia to Greece and into the heart of the ancient Persian Empire New campaign game that tasks players with matching the exploits of Alexander the Great as he swept across Central Asia and dominated...,"Medieval II: Total War Kingdoms is the official expansion to last year's award-winning Medieval II: Total War, presenting players with all-new territories to explore, troops to command, and enemies to conquer.","Check out the high-resolution trailer and see what the game is all about. Heroes of Annihilated Empires - is a fantasy-based trilogy game in the genre of RTS vs RPG for PC. A new proprietary 3D-engine is used to power the game. Episode one is set on Atlans island, the historical homeland of elves.","Check out the high-resolution trailer and see what the game is all about. Heroes of Annihilated Empires - is a fantasy-based trilogy game in the genre of RTS vs RPG for PC. A new proprietary 3D-engine is used to power the game. Episode one is set on Atlans island, the historical homeland of elves.","Check out the high-resolution trailer and see what the game is all about. Heroes of Annihilated Empires - is a fantasy-based trilogy game in the genre of RTS vs RPG for PC. A new proprietary 3D-engine is used to power the game. Episode one is set on Atlans island, the historical homeland of elves.","To stand alone in war is extremely unpleasant. Extremely pleasant, on the other hand, is the stand-alone version Cossacks: Back to War. Containing all of the gameplay features of Cossacks: European Wars and Cossacks: The Art of War, this is a complete care package for all current and future Cossacks fans.","This expansion contains four single-player campaigns from the original game &quot;Cossacks: European Wars&quot;, and five – from &quot;The Art of War&quot;: nine campaigns with 63 hardcore missions. Play additional 30+ hours of Cossacks! The campaigns allow becoming aware of historical events' large scale.",Cossacks: The Art of War continues the history of the great battles of XVII–XVIII centuries,This game is devoted to the key events of the XVII–XVIII centuries.,"Cossacks II: Battle for Europe is DLC for ""Cossacks II: Napoleonic Wars"" presenting new nations with the possibility to wage multiplayer battles.","From the creators of Natural Selection comes Zen of Sudoku, a relaxing, easy to play version of Sudoku for your PC. Relax with hand-painted Japanese-styled backgrounds, no timer and lush natural soundscapes. Stimulates your brain to keep it healthy and alert.","From the creators of Natural Selection comes Zen of Sudoku, a relaxing, easy to play version of Sudoku for your PC. Relax with hand-painted Japanese-styled backgrounds, no timer and lush natural soundscapes. Stimulates your brain to keep it healthy and alert.",A fast paced multiplayer shooter that pits aliens against humans in a strategic and action-packed struggle for survival!,A fast paced multiplayer shooter that pits aliens against humans in a strategic and action-packed struggle for survival!,"The third and final expansion to the genre-defining and critically-acclaimed RTS, Dawn of War. In Soulstorm, two new armies are introduced – Sisters of Battle and Dark Eldar - raising the total number of playable armies to nine.","Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced.","Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced.","Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced.","Classic side-scrolling gameplay is reporting back for duty with Bionic Commando Rearmed, a remake of the classic NES game, out now on PC. 20 years after the 8-bit classic was released, Bionic Commando Rearmed recreates the world of the original with a complete &amp;quot;2.5D&amp;quot; visual revamp.","Wolfenstein takes players deep into the heart of the Reich, where experiments with a dark force known as the Black Sun threaten to embolden the Nazis with unimaginable powers. There's only one man for a job of this magnitude: special agent B.J. Blazkowicz!","Lock, Load, &amp;amp; Face the MadnessGet ready for the mind blowing insanity! Play as one of four trigger-happy mercenaries and take out everything that stands in your way!With its addictive action, frantic first-person shooter combat, massive arsenal of weaponry, RPG elements and four-player co-op*, Borderlands is a breakthrough experience...","Lock, Load, &amp;amp; Face the MadnessGet ready for the mind blowing insanity! Play as one of four trigger-happy mercenaries and take out everything that stands in your way!With its addictive action, frantic first-person shooter combat, massive arsenal of weaponry, RPG elements and four-player co-op*, Borderlands is a breakthrough experience...","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!",Lead and Gold: Gangs of the Wild West is a third-person shooter that delivers an intense team-based multiplayer experience. Relive the violent era of the Wild West with adrenaline-fueled action and fast-paced gunfights. Engage in gritty battles in beautifully rendered classic Western settings.,Lead and Gold: Gangs of the Wild West is a third-person shooter that delivers an intense team-based multiplayer experience. Relive the violent era of the Wild West with adrenaline-fueled action and fast-paced gunfights. Engage in gritty battles in beautifully rendered classic Western settings.,Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City includes both The Lost and Damned and The Ballad of Gay Tony together and does not require a copy of the original Grand Theft Auto IV to play.,Experience the original F.E.A.R. along with F.E.A.R. Extraction Point and F.E.A.R. Perseus Mandate. Available Now!,Experience the original F.E.A.R. along with F.E.A.R. Extraction Point and F.E.A.R. Perseus Mandate. Available Now!,"Three years after the conflict in Chernarus, portrayed in the original Arma 2, a new flashpoint explodes in the Green Sea Region. Coalition forces led by the US Army are deployed to Takistan to quickly restore peace and prevent further civilian casualties.",Welcome to Vegas. New Vegas. Enjoy your stay!,"Red Faction: Armageddon Path to War includes 4 new missions, 2 unlockable items and 10 new achievements!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Three years after the conflict in Chernarus, portrayed in the original Arma 2, a new flashpoint explodes in the Green Sea Region. Coalition forces led by the US Army are deployed to Takistan to quickly restore peace and prevent further civilian casualties.",Mafia III Announced - Coming October 7th 2016...,Mafia III Announced - Coming October 7th 2016...,"Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!",The biggest first-person action series of all time and the follow-up to critically acclaimed Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare 2 returns with Call of Duty®: Black Ops.,The biggest first-person action series of all time and the follow-up to critically acclaimed Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare 2 returns with Call of Duty®: Black Ops.,"Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","You are the leader of an elite squad of Republic Commandos, your mission is to infiltrate, dominate, and ultimately, annihilate the enemy. Your squad will follow your orders and your lead, working together as a team - instinctively, intelligently, instantly. You are their leader. They are your weapon.",The Man With The Hat Is Back In His Greatest Adventure Yet! 1939 - The eve of World War II. Nazi agents are about to get their hands on a weapon more dangerous than the atom bomb. Only Indy can stop them before they unleash the deadly secret that sank Atlantis.,Forge your weapon and follow the path of the Jedi Jedi Knight: Jedi Academy is the latest installment of the highly acclaimed Jedi Knight series. Take on the role of a new student eager to learn the ways of the Force from Jedi Master Luke Skywalker.,The Legacy of Star Wars Dark Forces™ and Star Wars® Jedi Knight lives on in the intense first-person action of Jedi Outcast.,"An asteroid the size of a small moon is on a crash course toward Earth. Once the wayward asteroid is nuked into a safe orbit, a trio conducts a routine examination of the rocky surface. What they uncover is anything but routine.","Join the rise of Darth Vader’s elite 501st Legion of Stormtroopers as you fight through an all new story-based saga where every action you take impacts the battlefront and, ultimately, the fate of the Star Wars galaxy.","Thrillville™: Off the Rails lives up to its name with 20 death-defying rides! Players can build incredible coasters to leap from one track to another, launch through the air like cannonballs, blast through a burning rings of fire and more!","Meet the Lionhearts. A smack-talking rag-tag band of rebels on an impossible quest. If they can make it through an army of psychotic robots and wall-smashing Goliaths, they just might save the world... if they don't burn it down first.","Shank is the cult-classic revival of the sidescrolling beat-em-up. Play as Shank in an over-the-top grindhouse game, packed to the rim with enemies, bosses, combos, and more by the award-winning team at Klei Entertainment.","Shank is the cult-classic revival of the sidescrolling beat-em-up. Play as Shank in an over-the-top grindhouse game, packed to the rim with enemies, bosses, combos, and more by the award-winning team at Klei Entertainment.","Shank is the cult-classic revival of the sidescrolling beat-em-up. Play as Shank in an over-the-top grindhouse game, packed to the rim with enemies, bosses, combos, and more by the award-winning team at Klei Entertainment.","Grim spectres, howling banshees, and sly gremlins are yours to command as you unleash ghastly spirits on the town of Gravenville and scare the wits out of its citizens. In the world of the Ghost Master, spooks do your bidding, as you solve puzzles and unlock mysteries in a challenge that combines the best of strategy, adventure, and...","Develop a state-of-the art Las Vegas resort complex, using all the money and management skill you can. Customers on the living, breathing Las Vegas boulevard are Notoriously hard to satisfy - can you win the hearts and wallets of Vegas? Amazing real-time 3D graphics show off your resort to the max.","FlatOut is adrenaline-filled muscle car racing game packed with explosive physics, spectacular effects and graphics, innovative game play mechanics and good old fun! Eight players or AI cars on track for close pack racing Single player Career, Quick race and Time trial modes Multiplayer mayhem with up to 8 players 16 different fully...","FlatOut is adrenaline-filled muscle car racing game packed with explosive physics, spectacular effects and graphics, innovative game play mechanics and good old fun! Eight players or AI cars on track for close pack racing Single player Career, Quick race and Time trial modes Multiplayer mayhem with up to 8 players 16 different fully...","Making History&amp;reg; delivers the open-ended gameplay of strategy-game classics, but with compelling new economic, military, and diplomatic systems and deep research that lets you play with real historical challenges.","Making History&amp;reg; delivers the open-ended gameplay of strategy-game classics, but with compelling new economic, military, and diplomatic systems and deep research that lets you play with real historical challenges.","Feel the rush of motorcycle racing with Ducati World Championship. Select your machine from over 70 original Ducati models, perfectly simulated replicas of the real thing. With Ducati World Championship you don't have to settle on one model - you can have them all!","Dreamfall: The Longest Journey, winner of multiple E3 awards as the best game in its genre, is the continuation of a saga that began in the award-winning The Longest Journey, considered to be one of the finest adventure games ever made.","The Longest Journey is an amazing graphical adventure, where the player controls the protagonist, April Ryan, on her journey between parallel universes. Embark on an exciting and original journey of discovery, where you will explore, solve puzzles, meet new people, face terrifying monsters, learn, grow, and live the adventure of a...","The Longest Journey is an amazing graphical adventure, where the player controls the protagonist, April Ryan, on her journey between parallel universes. Embark on an exciting and original journey of discovery, where you will explore, solve puzzles, meet new people, face terrifying monsters, learn, grow, and live the adventure of a...","Bloodline Champions is a Free-to-Play online PvP Arena game where players engage in short, intense battles of up to ten players divided into two teams. Each player takes control over one of several bloodlines, each with their own unique weapons and abilities. Easy to learn, challenging to master.","Joint Task Force is the real-time strategy (RTS) game where you command the frontline forces in tomorrow's most hazardous conflicts. Lead twenty dramatic missions in explosive war-zones including the Middle East, Central Asia, and the Balkans.","Joint Task Force is the real-time strategy (RTS) game where you command the frontline forces in tomorrow's most hazardous conflicts. Lead twenty dramatic missions in explosive war-zones including the Middle East, Central Asia, and the Balkans.","At the dawn of the 22nd century, the conquest of space and the colonization of the solar system is being monopolized by several huge and ambitious mega-corporations. Although extremely delicate and vulnerable, a balance is maintained by these companies.","Driven to the brink of extinction on ice-covered wastelands, humankind fights to survive. Battle to survive against gargantuan alien Akrid and treacherous Snow Pirates on the vast and frozen landscape of EDN III. With no allies at your side, the only thing you can trust is your instincts.","Dante's past is now revealed as Devil May Cry returns to its roots. Master Dante's multiple fighting styles while battling never before seen demons and new characters as you fight your way towards a brutal confrontation with Dante's mysterious twin brother, Vergil.","Driven to the brink of extinction on ice-covered wastelands, humankind fights to survive. Battle to survive against gargantuan alien Akrid and treacherous Snow Pirates on the vast and frozen landscape of EDN III. With no allies at your side, the only thing you can trust is your instincts.","Bullet Candy is a fast paced, action packed arena shooter. There are a variety of combo systems and many secret techniques that you can employ to get the best score and weapon upgrades possible. Viewed from a top-down perspective, Bullet Candy allows for a true 360° shoot-em-up experience.","Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a real-time tactics game set in World War II that puts you in command of a small squad of elite troopers. Send them behind enemy lines on a series of hazardous missions, and bring them back alive. Clever strategy has never been so furiously action-packed.","You have been selected for active service in the Commandos Corps, and must now mobilize in a series of 8 new dangerous missions. You may come with experience of action 'Behind Enemy Lines' or perhaps you are just a rookie - whatever you are, you will be given the opportunity to push your daring and tactical ability to the limit.",Commandos 2: Men of Courage is a tactical action/strategy game set against the backdrop of World War II. Take control of an elite group of commandos who must venture deep into enemy territory and utilize their combined expertise to complete a series of mission-based objectives.,"Commandos 3: Destination Berlin is a game of real-time tactics that places you in command of an elite unit of Special Forces behind enemy lines in the European theater of World War II. From the shores of France to the heart of the Third Reich, strike fast from land or sea infiltrating hostile territories and conducting raids to disrupt...","Enter the realm of a retired assassin, forced back into action by treason. You may be a hired killer but you still have a sense of loyalty and justice. Visit the dark recesses of a world corrupted by crime, greed, degradation and dishonor. And a past that catches up with you.","Money Talks. Silence Pays. Prepare to Make a Killing. When assassins from Agent 47's contract agency, The ICA, are eliminated in a series of hits, it seems a larger, more powerful agency has entered the fray. Sensing he may be a target, 47 travels to America, and prepares to make a killing.","Battlestations: Midway is an immense action game that drops players into massive air, sea, and undersea battles from Pearl Harbor to the Battle of Midway.","Your world...Your rules! In Just Cause, you are a Latin field operative and specialist in regime change backed by top secret US government agency who will overthrow the corrupt government of San Esperito.","As the enigmatic Hitman, you must use stealth and tactical problem solving to enter, execute and exit your assignment with minimum attention and maximum effectiveness. For a price, you have access to the most devious devices, but how you use them will determine if you retire as a millionaire or get permanently retired.","The year is 2052 and the world is a dangerous and chaotic place. Terrorists operate openly - killing thousands; drugs, disease and pollution kill even more. The world's economies are close to collapse and the gap between the insanely wealthy and the desperately poor grows ever wider.","Approximately 20 years after the events depicted in Deus Ex, The World is only beginning to recover from a Catastrophic worldwide depression. In the Chaotic period of recovery, several religious and political factions see an opportunity to re-shape a worldwide government to their agendas, understanding that the right moves now could...","Your world...Your rules! In Just Cause, you are a Latin field operative and specialist in regime change backed by top secret US government agency who will overthrow the corrupt government of San Esperito.","Battlestations: Midway is an immense action game that drops players into massive air, sea, and undersea battles from Pearl Harbor to the Battle of Midway.","Money Talks. Silence Pays. Prepare to Make a Killing. When assassins from Agent 47's contract agency, The ICA, are eliminated in a series of hits, it seems a larger, more powerful agency has entered the fray. Sensing he may be a target, 47 travels to America, and prepares to make a killing.","You are Garrett, the master thief. Rarely seen and never caught, Garrett is the best that ever was. Able to sneak past any guard, pick any lock, and break into the most ingeniously secured residences. Garrett steals from the wealthy and gives to himself, making his living in the dark and foreboding City.","The gaming world's sexiest and most intrepid adventurer makes her triumphant return in Lara Croft Tomb Raider: Legend! Follow Lara down a path of discovery as she travels the globe to remote, exotic locales in search of one of history's greatest artifacts that unleash unwelcome figures from Lara's mysterious past.","Experience the dramatic intensity of the frontlines of a war through the eyes of the first of a new breed of super soldiers in this gritty and epic first-person action game. An augmented super-soldier must stop a renegade regime from eradicating the civilized world. Hong Kong, 2065. 2nd Lt.","Nu Earth: a poisoned planet where endless war rages between the Norts and the Southers. A futile struggle on a hostile planet with no end in sight. But there are tales of a lone warrior. A man who knows no allegiance, the Rogue Trooper!","The gaming world's sexiest and most intrepid adventurer makes her triumphant return in Lara Croft Tomb Raider: Legend! Follow Lara down a path of discovery as she travels the globe to remote, exotic locales in search of one of history's greatest artifacts that unleash unwelcome figures from Lara's mysterious past.","Experience the dramatic intensity of the frontlines of a war through the eyes of the first of a new breed of super soldiers in this gritty and epic first-person action game. An augmented super-soldier must stop a renegade regime from eradicating the civilized world. Hong Kong, 2065. 2nd Lt.","Step into the role of an aspiring martial-arts master and follow the path of the open palm or the closed fist. In this multi-award-winning action-RPG, your choices and actions will determine the fate of the entire Jade Empire. Will you prevent the destruction of this beautiful land, or will you crush it beneath your heel?",TrackMania is the most entertaining car racing game ever. Millions of players play it in single or multiplayer modes. TrackMania United Forever is the ultimate TrackMania edition thanks to the numerous additions and innovations it has to offer.,"New York, 2000......Without knowing how or why, Brian, a student on the verge of graduating from college, is attacked by Mafia gangsters. During his desperate getaway, in the company of a mysterious striptease dancer, he ends up meeting a wide range of unusual characters.","Travel to the four corners of the world with Brian and Gina in a crazy story packed full of surprises. Pirates, spies, surfers, soldiers, and even aliens get in on the act - all combining to create a wonderfully rewarding experience to savour and remember forever!","Travel to the four corners of the world with Brian and Gina in a crazy story packed full of surprises. Pirates, spies, surfers, soldiers, and even aliens get in on the act - all combining to create a wonderfully rewarding experience to savour and remember forever!","A fantasy voyage through the great mythologies, Loki allows the player to take on the role of one of the four heroes of the game, each drawn from a different mythology: a mighty Norse fighter, a fierce Greek warrior, a powerful Egyptian magician or an Aztec shaman who masters the secrets of the spirit world.","A fantasy voyage through the great mythologies, Loki allows the player to take on the role of one of the four heroes of the game, each drawn from a different mythology: a mighty Norse fighter, a fierce Greek warrior, a powerful Egyptian magician or an Aztec shaman who masters the secrets of the spirit world.","The Sherlock Holmes series returns with this updated version of The Awakened, which brings a whole new dimension to the original title developed by Frogwares. Keeping with the traditional Point &amp;amp; Click gameplay style of the original adventure games, The Awakened has been totally rethought, offering players a new third-person view...","Trapped in a magical puzzle book, the adventurous Titus needs your help to release him from his spell. To do this, you must solve the tricky puzzles of Azada&amp;trade;. Crack the series of puzzles and fill in the missing pages of the enchanted book to free Titus from his prison. Loads of unique puzzles to solve.","In X-Blades, the player takes on the role of the enchanting heroine Ayumi, who survives a breathtaking dance of blades through the Hordes of Darkness. The long-haired beautiful anime, with her pistol blades and mind-blowing leaps, whirls and swirls from one fantastic level to the next.",Check out the new Velvet Edition bundle including both Two Worlds II and Pirates of the Flying Fortress DLC.,"While the bloody battle between Gandohar’s troops and the armies of the Orcs is raging in front of the gates of Oswaroth, the emperor waits in the depths of his palace on the outcome of the struggle for power.","Sid Meier's Railroads! marks the return of the watershed title in simulation/strategy gaming that launched the popular &amp;quot;tycoon&amp;quot; genre, and inspired a new generation of games. Sid Meier's Railroads!","Railroad Tycoon 3 features 25 scenarios challenging players to recreate magnificent feats of railroading history from around the world. Players can lay track (including tunnels and overpasses), pick from over 40 locomotives from early steams to modern bullets, choose to haul over 35 types of cargo in a dynamic economy, and participate in...",Includes Railroad Tycoon II and the expansion The Second Century It can take you from New York to South Africa. It can take you from the year 1804 to the year 2000. It can take you from penniless manual laborer to powerful multi-millionaire.,"The war continues... X-COM: UFO Defense brought you to a galactic battlefield. X-COM: Terror from the Deep brings the alien terror into a totally new dimension. Seeking to take advantage of a weakened Earth, X-COM's deep space foes unexpectedly change strategy and launch a powerful second front against planet Earth.","There's something evil in the city tonight... Earth has been ravaged by human excess, petty conflict and alien invasion. The world's population has been herded into huge cities, the first of which was Mega Primus. 2084: A Utopia shattered, social collapse and civil unrest reigns in Mega Primus. Fiendish aliens terrorize the city.","BioShock is a shooter unlike any you've ever played, loaded with weapons and tactics never seen. You'll have a complete arsenal at your disposal from simple revolvers to grenade launchers and chemical throwers, but you'll also be forced to genetically modify your DNA to create an even more deadly weapon: you.","BioShock is a shooter unlike any you've ever played, loaded with weapons and tactics never seen. You'll have a complete arsenal at your disposal from simple revolvers to grenade launchers and chemical throwers, but you'll also be forced to genetically modify your DNA to create an even more deadly weapon: you.","They're back...only this time the heinous aliens are out to destroy Earth and rule the new frontier. As X-COM commander, it's your sole duty to protect humanity and the prized mining operations in outer space.",You are in control of X-COM: an organization formed by the world's governments to fight the ever-increasing alien menace. Features: Command deadly close-combat battles Shooting down UFOs is just the beginning: you must then lead a squad of heavily-armed soldiers across different terrains as they investigate the UFO crash site.,X-COM: Earth's top-secret eXtraterrestrial COMbat unit The Place: America - early 21st century The Mission: Eradicate the extraterrestrials Alien forces have invaded Earth and are terrorizing the population.,"Men of War is a stunning Real-Time Strategy game that takes place during the height of World War II. Intense battles span Europe and North Africa as gamers play as Soviet, Allied or German forces across 19 massive single-player missions.","Do you have what it takes to Survive? Death Track: Resurrection is a racing/action title that takes players into a post-apocalyptic, not-too-distant future where traditional sports have been replaced by far more violent entertainment.","War is Hell. NecroVision is a first-person shooter that takes gamers across the frantic battlegrounds of World War I and into a dark underworld of vampires, demons and dark magic.","Men of War is a stunning Real-Time Strategy game that takes place during the height of World War II. Intense battles span Europe and North Africa as gamers play as Soviet, Allied or German forces across 19 massive single-player missions.","The new action-thriller from the award-winning team at Infinity Ward, the creators of the Call of Duty® series, delivers the most intense and cinematic action experience ever. Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare arms gamers with an arsenal of advanced and powerful modern day firepower and transports them to the most treacherous hotspots...",Your Trophy Buck is Waiting! Experience fast paced hunting action in pursuit of record trophy bucks across 24 state and provinces in North America. Gameplay starts at the most critical and exciting parts of each hunting mission where you are immediately presented with a challenge.,"Tomb Raider: Anniversary retraces Lara Croft's original genre-defining adventure  globe-trotting 3rd person action-adventure in pursuit of the legendary Scion artifact. Using an enhanced 'Tomb Raider: Legend' game engine, the graphics, technology and physics bring Lara's adventure and pursuit of a mystical artifact known only as the...","Tomb Raider: Anniversary retraces Lara Croft's original genre-defining adventure  globe-trotting 3rd person action-adventure in pursuit of the legendary Scion artifact. Using an enhanced 'Tomb Raider: Legend' game engine, the graphics, technology and physics bring Lara's adventure and pursuit of a mystical artifact known only as the...","The greatest football management sim returns... Think you can do better? It's your decisions that count: your budget, your buys, your formation, your tactics...your chance to prove it! Use your skills and knowledge to manage your club the way you feel it should be - now it's your turn.","Think you can do better? It's your decisions that count: your budget, your buys, your formation, your tactics... your chance to prove it! Use your skills and knowledge to manage your club the way you feel it should be - now it's your turn. All football fans around the world, believe they know more about football than anybody else.","Kane and Lynch: Dead Men is the new action shooter franchise by Io-Interactive, creators of the multi-million selling Hitman series. Kane &amp;amp; Lynch: Dead Men follows the violent and chaotic journey of two men - a flawed mercenary and a medicated psychopath - and their brutal attitude towards right and wrong.","*This is a single player only title*Venezuela is left in a state of civil war after the government was brutally overthrown by a military coup. With factions fighting to reinstate democracy, the U.S. government has offered their assistance, though the new government regime has threatened to deploy nuclear weapons if the U.S.","*This is a single player only title*Venezuela is left in a state of civil war after the government was brutally overthrown by a military coup. With factions fighting to reinstate democracy, the U.S. government has offered their assistance, though the new government regime has threatened to deploy nuclear weapons if the U.S.","Tomb Raider: Underworld represents a new advancement in exploration-based gameplay. As fearless adventurer Lara Croft explore exotic locations around the world, each designed with an incredible attention to detail resulting in breathtaking high-definition visual fidelity that creates a truly believable world and delivers a new level of...","Tomb Raider: Underworld represents a new advancement in exploration-based gameplay. As fearless adventurer Lara Croft explore exotic locations around the world, each designed with an incredible attention to detail resulting in breathtaking high-definition visual fidelity that creates a truly believable world and delivers a new level of...","Experience one war through two epic sagas where you will be a part of history or change it. Feel the power of the historically authentic and decisive battles of the Pacific War. Relive some of the grandest and most critical naval battles of recent history and for the first time, choose to lead your fleet to a completely different ending...","Experience one war through two epic sagas where you will be a part of history or change it. Feel the power of the historically authentic and decisive battles of the Pacific War. Relive some of the grandest and most critical naval battles of recent history and for the first time, choose to lead your fleet to a completely different ending...",Dive into an adrenaline-fuelled free-roaming adventure with 400 square miles of rugged terrain and hundreds of weapons and vehicles.,Sam &amp;amp; Max: Episode 1 - Culture Shock - The former child stars of the Soda Poppers TV show are wreaking havoc all over the neighborhood! But this is no ordinary tale of child stars gone awry. There's a dark force behind the Poppers' baffling antics.,Sam &amp;amp; Max: Episode 2 - Situation: Comedy - Talk show host Myra Stump has gone berzerk! Sam &amp;amp; Max head down to the WARP TV studio to find out why she's holding her audience hostage. But getting onto Myra's stage isn't going to be easy. First the Freelance Police will have to prove they're worthy of fifteen minutes of fame.,"Sam &amp;amp; Max Episode 3 - The Mole, The Mob, and The Meatball - The commissioner is looking into an underground operation at the Ted E. Bear Mafia-Free Playland and Casino, but the mole he sent in has suddenly gone quiet. To find the mole, Sam &amp;amp; Max must infiltrate the operation and become members of the Toy Mafia themselves.","Sam &amp;amp; Max Episode 4 - Abe Lincoln Must Die - The president's lost it. Federally mandated group hugs, a pudding embargo... what's next, gun control? Sam &amp;amp; Max are off to Washington to take care of this bozo, but the political climate will only get stormier... and a new power will rise...","With an internet crisis looming and a viral video game holding its players hostage, Sam &amp;amp; Max will need to slip into a new reality to set things right. But can the Freelance Police crack this virtual case in time to avoid worldwide system failure?One of six self-contained cases with an overarching story arc.","Sam &amp;amp; Max: Episode 6 - Bright Side of the Moon - What started out as a local mind-control scheme has grown to global proportions, and Sam &amp;amp; Max are off to the moon to save the entire planet from a lifetime of hypnotic enslavement. But when chaos collides with tranquility, have the Freelance Police finally met their match?","He's the most ancient and powerful opponent they've ever faced, a hairy, bloated, pagan God - Santa Claus! With Christmas presents on the attack and carols of gunshots drowning out the bells, Sam &amp;amp; Max must storm the North Pole to bring down a less-than-jolly foe.",A surprise trip to the tropics turns into a working vacation when Sam &amp;amp; Max sign up to stop a massive volcano eruption. Will their special blend of bewildering wit and renegade justice be enough to win over the gods? (Not to mention the locals?,Zombie attack! Droves of undead are converging in the streets. Now Sam &amp;amp; Max must confront their leader - a Eurotrash vampire with a style all his own. Are the Freelance Police cool enough to outsmart this emo before his flesh-eating army usurps the western world?,"Bosco's vanished from the face of the Earth - literally! When Sam &amp;amp; Max manage to track him down, what they find is so mind boggling, you'll have to see it to believe it. Can the Freelance Police set things right, or will life as they know it fall victim to the capricious whims of T-H-E-M?","Judgment day is at hand, and its time for a showdown with the guy downstairs to bargain for Bosco's soul. But in the corporate wasteland known as Hell, not even the Freelance Police are safe from eternal damnation. Can Sam &amp;amp; Max fight free from Satan's grasp, or have they reached the end of the line?","After an attack by a swarm of locusts leaves Fone Bone lost in the mountains, he sets out to find his cousins, with a little help from a mysterious red dragon, a couple of talking bugs, and a pretty girl named Thorn. But with hungry rat creatures on his tail, will Fone Bone ever make his way back to Boneville?","It's spring fair time and The Great Cow Race is about to begin! Play carnival games. Write love poetry. Outsmart a really big bee. Cheat the locals out of their hard-earned eggs. Bang on some pots and pans. Escape from an angry mob. Oh, and dress up like a cow. (Not necessarily in that order.","Join poker's most outspoken players for a hand of Telltale Texas Hold'em, the card game stacked high with personality. Quips will fly, chips will fall, and you may just end up rolling in the aisles.This is your chance to play in a poker tournament against four characters of such lethal absurdity, you'll either die laughing or die trying.",Enjoy Strong Bad's wacky comedic adventures over 5 full episodes!,,,,,"Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved is a old school style shooter, but remixed for the 21st century with next generation graphics and deep, modern gameplay. Playing is simple: you are a geometric &amp;quot;ship&amp;quot; trapped in a grid world, facing off against waves of deadly wanderers, snakes, and repulsars.","EVE Online is a game where history is written by the players in a universe of unrivaled beauty, depth and opportunity. Become one with your ship and embark on a story of industry, exploration and conquest as you weave your legend into the fabric of New Eden.","UpdateSimBin Studios expands the hit racing game, RACE 07 with the Andy Priaulx Crowne Plaza Raceway free add-on. Free for owners of RACE 07, this add-on features a brand new island track and new cars from triple World Champion Andy Priaulx in his BMW 320si WTCC and Fabrizio Giovanardi in his Vauxhall Vectra VXR.Real Cars, Real Racing...",The RACE On expansion includes all the cars and circuits from the epic WTCC 2008 season. It also adds a massive selection of US Muscle cars and circuits to the...,"Blue skies and white beaches frame the mystical Andy Priaulx Crowne Plaza Raceway, a unique challenge even for a World Champion. Designed to challenge the best, the island track weaves its way past palm trees and luxury hotels. Can YOU master it?","49 unique cars in 12 classes – over 500 combinations.The most beautiful GT’s. Extreme versions of the already spectacular World Touring Cars. Exclusive road cars from prestigious brands.You will find that and much more in GTR Evolution, including the legendary Nürburgring Nordschleife, the fabled 22,8km long racetrack in Germany.","STCC The Game is the official game of “STCC - Swedish Touring Car Championship”, the largest and most prestigious motorsport championship in Scandinavia.The game includes all cars and tracks from the 2008 season; seven Swedish and Norwegian tracks like Mantorp Park, Knutstorp Ring, Våler Track and the world exclusive city racetrack Eco...","STCC The Game is the official game of “STCC - Swedish Touring Car Championship”, the largest and most prestigious motorsport championship in Scandinavia.The game includes all cars and tracks from the 2008 season; seven Swedish and Norwegian tracks like Mantorp Park, Knutstorp Ring, Våler Track and the world exclusive city racetrack Eco...","49 unique cars in 12 classes – over 500 combinations.The most beautiful GT’s. Extreme versions of the already spectacular World Touring Cars. Exclusive road cars from prestigious brands.You will find that and much more in GTR Evolution, including the legendary Nürburgring Nordschleife, the fabled 22,8km long racetrack in Germany.",The RACE On expansion includes all the cars and circuits from the epic WTCC 2008 season. It also adds a massive selection of US Muscle cars and circuits to the...,The Game That Revolutionized the Racing Genre.,Sid Meier's Civilization IV®: Beyond the Sword is the second expansion pack for Civilization IV - the 2005 PC Game of the Year that has become a worldwide hit. The expansion focuses on the time periods after the invention of gunpowder and delivers 11 unique and challenging scenarios created by the development team at Firaxis as well as...,Sid Meier's Civilization IV®: Beyond the Sword is the second expansion pack for Civilization IV - the 2005 PC Game of the Year that has become a worldwide hit. The expansion focuses on the time periods after the invention of gunpowder and delivers 11 unique and challenging scenarios created by the development team at Firaxis as well as...,"Set approximately 10 years after the events of the original BioShock, the halls of Rapture once again echo with sins of the past. Along the Atlantic coastline, a monster has been snatching little girls and bringing them back to the undersea city of Rapture.","Indebted to the wrong people, with his life on the line, veteran of the U.S. Cavalry and now hired gun, Booker DeWitt has only one opportunity to wipe his slate clean. He must rescue Elizabeth, a mysterious girl imprisoned since childhood and locked up in the flying city of Columbia.","From a distant corner of the galaxy, an evil alien race sets in motion a sinister plan to conquer the Earth. They unleash a powerful catalyst — Energy X — that imbues the planet's worst miscreants with super-powers to bring the planet to its knees. Now Earth's only hope lies with a new breed of heroes... The Freedom Force!","Freedom is threatened yet again and only Minute Man and his heroic Freedom Force can save the day in the follow up to one of the most critically acclaimed games of 2002. Freedom Force vs. the Third Reich brings dynamic storytelling, fast-paced tactical role-play, and larger-than-life characters from the comic book pages to the computer...","From a distant corner of the galaxy, an evil alien race sets in motion a sinister plan to conquer the Earth. They unleash a powerful catalyst — Energy X — that imbues the planet's worst miscreants with super-powers to bring the planet to its knees. Now Earth's only hope lies with a new breed of heroes... The Freedom Force!","Freedom is threatened yet again and only Minute Man and his heroic Freedom Force can save the day in the follow up to one of the most critically acclaimed games of 2002. Freedom Force vs. the Third Reich brings dynamic storytelling, fast-paced tactical role-play, and larger-than-life characters from the comic book pages to the computer...","Create, discover, and download new player-created maps, scenarios, interfaces, and more!","Axel and Pixel are trapped in a beautiful but dangerous dream world. If they plan to get out they must solve its mysteries. Drawn by hand and rendered in full high-definition, Axel &amp; Pixel is a unique journey through an artist's dream.","Lock, Load, &amp;amp; Face the MadnessGet ready for the mind blowing insanity! Play as one of four trigger-happy mercenaries and take out everything that stands in your way!With its addictive action, frantic first-person shooter combat, massive arsenal of weaponry, RPG elements and four-player co-op*, Borderlands is a breakthrough experience...","Lock, Load, &amp;amp; Face the MadnessGet ready for the mind blowing insanity! Play as one of four trigger-happy mercenaries and take out everything that stands in your way!With its addictive action, frantic first-person shooter combat, massive arsenal of weaponry, RPG elements and four-player co-op*, Borderlands is a breakthrough experience...","It's World War II and you are B.J. Blazkowicz, the Allies' most valuable agent. In the midst of the German Blitzkrieg, the Spear that pierced the side of Christ is taken from Versailles by the Nazis and secured in the impregnable Castle Wolfenstein. According to legend, no man can be defeated when he has the Spear.","World War II rages and nations fall. SS head Himmler has Hitler's full backing to twist science and the occult into an army capable of annihilating the Allies once and for all. Battling alone, you're on an intense mission to pierce the black heart of the Third Reich and stop Himmler -- or die trying.","TWO NEW EPISODES. SIXTEEN NEW LEVELS. ONE WAY OUT. Your journey has led you down a path of no return. The acrid smell of death fills the air. And you know the road ahead may lead to your grave. But Quake, with his insidious, apocalyptic plans, must be crushed. If you fail, evil will shroud the universe for all eternity.","After defeating Shub-Niggurath, you arrive back at your home base on Earth, but it's not all blue skies and butterflies. Apparently, not all QUAKE forces have been subdued. Chaos ensues as you blast your way through the QUAKE minions and toward the infested gateway. Your only choice is to find the source of evil and shut it down.","A massive demonic invasion has overwhelmed the Union Aerospace Corporation's (UAC) Mars Research Facility, leaving only chaos and horror in its wake. As one of only a few survivors, you must fight your way to hell and back against a horde of evil monsters.","The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse lurk in the shadows before you. They are Death, Pestilence, Famine, and War. They are the root of all that is evil. They are the least of your worries. The last know Serpent Rider, Eidolon, lives.","The gripping expansion pack for DOOM 3 takes your even further into the the DOOM universe. Two years following the unexplained disaster on Mars, the UAC returns to the abandoned facility to investigate a mysterious beacon buried deep in the ruins of the ancient civilization.","Welcome to the Arena, where high-ranking warriors are transformed into spineless mush. Abandoning every ounce of common sense and any trace of doubt, you lunge onto a stage of harrowing landscapes and veiled abysses.","Never before have the forces aligned. United by name and by cause, The Fallen, Pagans, Crusaders, Intruders, and Stroggs must channel their power into an allied operation where teamwork is the only method of mass destruction. Four distinct games test each troop's synthesis and strength to exacting degrees.","The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse lurk in the shadows before you. They are Death, Pestilence, Famine, and War. They are the root of all that is evil. They are the least of your worries. The last know Serpent Rider, Eidolon, lives.","Shortly after landing on an alien surface, you learn that hundreds of your men have been reduced to just a few. Now you must fight your way through heavily fortified military installations, lower the city's defenses and shut down the enemy's war machine. Only then will the fate of humanity be known.","Introducing the Master Levels for DOOM II. Twenty never-before-seen levels all with the same acid drenched, hell spawned horror of the originals. Each was created by independent designers and supervised by the demented minds of id Software. You might as well forget about seeing the light of day ever again.","Commander Keen: Invasion of the Vorticons: Episode 1: Marooned on Mars (Dec. 14th 1990) Episode 2: The Earth Explodes (1991) Episode 3: Keen Must Die! (1991) Commander Keen's very first adventure, and the debut of id's groundbreaking side-scrolling technology.","Powered by id’s revolutionary id Tech® 5 technology, RAGE is an intense first-person shooter with breakneck vehicle combat, an expansive world to explore, and jaw-dropping graphics!","Delivering a visceral WWII gaming experience, Company of Heroes redefines real time strategy gaming by bringing the sacrifice of heroic soldiers, war-ravaged environments, and dynamic battlefields to life.","This expansion adds all-new units and strategies to the exciting gameplay offered by Dawn of War. The Imperial Guard brings new weaponry, including heavy armor, new troop units as well as defensive and ranged tactics overwhelming numbers. Coupled with new abilities, this fighting force is as lethal as they come.","Prepare yourself for the grim, dark future of the 41st millennium, where alien races battle mankind for galactic domination in a universe of unending war. Personalize your armies with a revolutionary unit customization tool that gives you the ability to choose your armies insignias, banners, squad colors and names.","Prepare yourself for the grim, dark future of the 41st millennium, where alien races battle mankind for galactic domination in a universe of unending war. Personalize your armies with a revolutionary unit customization tool that gives you the ability to choose your armies insignias, banners, squad colors and names.","The next chapter in the #1 rated RTS franchise thrusts players into a hellish war torn landscape to command two battle-hardened armies in relentless campaigns for honor and country. Players lead the tenacious British 2nd Army during the heroic World War II liberation of Caen, France, and command the German Panzer Elite as they struggle...","For a thousand years, three opposing forces have waged war for what they believe is true. There can be no room for compromise: their way is the only way. Dubbed The Infinite War, this devastating conflict has taken its toll on a once-peaceful galaxy and has only served to deepen the hatred between the factions.","The last days of man are at hand.. Two years after the Infinite War the once great warring nations now lie in ruins, and humanity’s hope for a brighter future is nothing but a bitter memory. A new, seemingly unstoppable enemy, supported by the zealots of The Order, now seeks to eradicate mankind: UEF, Aeon Loyalist, and Cybran alike.","The third and final expansion to the genre-defining and critically-acclaimed RTS, Dawn of War. In Soulstorm, two new armies are introduced – Sisters of Battle and Dark Eldar - raising the total number of playable armies to nine.","The third and final expansion to the genre-defining and critically-acclaimed RTS, Dawn of War. In Soulstorm, two new armies are introduced – Sisters of Battle and Dark Eldar - raising the total number of playable armies to nine.","Frontlines™: Fuel of War™ is an open-world First Person Shooter set on the frontlines of tomorrow. In a world ravaged by a global energy crisis, environmental decay, and economic depression, players assume the role of an elite soldier in the Western Coalition Army on an epic crusade against the Red Star Alliance to control the last of...","Saints Row 2 brings true freedom to open-world gaming. Players can play as who they want, how they want, and with whomever they want in this sequel to the much acclaimed and tremendously successful Saints Row.","Gish isn't your average hero. In fact, he's not your average anything...you see, Gish is a ball of tar. A Sunday stroll with his lady friend, Brea, goes awry when a shadowy figure emerges from an open manhole and pulls Brea below ground.","Gish isn't your average hero. In fact, he's not your average anything...you see, Gish is a ball of tar. A Sunday stroll with his lady friend, Brea, goes awry when a shadowy figure emerges from an open manhole and pulls Brea below ground.","Desperados 2 is the sequel to the successful wild west title Desperados - Wanted Dead or Alive. The gameplay is based on its predecessor but with brand new tactical possibilities in a beautiful 3D environment. Switch from an isometric view to a third person view whenever you want; for example, for duels, brawls and shoot-outs.","Here's your chance to make it big in the Big Apple... New York City, the city that never sleeps! Go for broke building your own Manhattan empire, creating and customizing over 100 types of major businesses: run a hot nightclub, oversee a media conglomerate, open a lucrative Broadway theater - the choices are endless.","The highly anticipated sequel to the critically acclaimed game Act of War: Direct Action picks up where the techno-thriller left off. On the eve of the U.S. Presidential elections, simultaneous terrorist attacks hit both candidates. Clues point to corrupt elements within the U.S.","Smersh is Russian for &amp;quot;Death to Spies&amp;quot; and was the name of a set of counterintelligence agencies formed in the Soviet Army during World War II. Their mission was to secure the rear of the active Red Army by arresting traitors, deserters, spies and criminal cells.","Tempelhof, Berlin, dawn of 8th April 1949.A major armed conflict is brewing between the Western powers and the Soviet bloc. The Red Army has been growing ever stronger since the end of World War II. With the growth of their army the Soviets realize that they hold the advantage, and are only waiting for the right moment to attack.","Grab your cape and defend Millennium City in this comic book-style action MMORPG! Design your hero and costume from thousands of costume pieces, face super-villains like Dr. Destroyer, and create your own unique nemesis.","In Star Trek Online, the Star Trek universe appears for the first time on a truly massive scale. Players take the captain's chair as they command their own starship and crew. Explore strange new worlds, seek out new life and new civilizations, and boldly go where no one has gone before.","Test Drive Unlimited 2 transforms the driving genre, adding the persistency, progression and customization of the latest multiplayer games to the auto racing experience. Test Drive Unlimited 2 blends single player and multiplayer experiences seamlessly, creating a dynamic world of evolving content and challenges.","In Blade Kitten, join Kit Ballard as she explores the mysterious world of Hollow Wish to hunt down rogue mechs and soft targets.","In Blade Kitten, join Kit Ballard as she explores the mysterious world of Hollow Wish to hunt down rogue mechs and soft targets.","Dare to be scared! After 30 years, Atari's classic groundbreaking game is back - with all-new scream-worthy chills and thrills!",Engage in epic dogfights and aerial assaults against the onslaught of the evil Zylons.,"The UnderGarden is a casual Zen game that challenges players to explore beautiful underground caverns filled with strange life forms, sound, music and plenty of hidden secrets. Casual gamers with an affinity towards puzzle games will enjoy The UnderGarden’s modern exploration quest filled with brain teasing games that combine state of...","Ghostbusters: Sanctum of Slime Challenge Pack brings hours of a new single player experience to this ghost-hunting adventure. With all-new two game modes, Lonely Hero and Arcade Challenge, you won't put the controller down!","Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced.","Seven classic games in one collection. Celebrate the golden age of adventure games all over again with the return of King's Quest.The bravest knight in all of Daventry, Sir Graham, is appointed by the dying king to embark on a Quest for the Crown.","Experience a blast from the past with the complete, completely twisted Space Quest Collection.","3, 2, 1 Blast-Off! Launch yourself into the intense space-shooter Aces of the Galaxy&amp;trade; &amp;#151; A non-stop, old-school arcade thrill-ride for the 21st century and beyond. Utilize an impressive arsenal of upgradeable weapons including high powered missile launchers, devastating torpedoes and the ever-reliant chain gun to annihilate the...","Master time to become the ultimate weapon! Dr. Aiden Krone has made a Time Jump across the space-time continuum - a reckless act with frightening consequences. Now, a disturbing alternate reality has evolved within the bleak and rain-soaked Alpha District.","Whether you're a seasoned player or just a beginner, get ready to tee off for a quick and fun match with four animated stylish characters. Putt your way through 36 fun-filled holes of minigolf on 3D designed courses with elevated greens, bunkers, bridges and water hazards, among other crazy obstacles.","You are the Prototype, Alex Mercer, a man without memory armed with amazing shape-shifting abilities, hunting your way to the heart of the conspiracy which created you; making those responsible pay. Fast &amp;amp; Deadly Shape-Shifting Combat: Reconfigure your body to the situation at hand.","Wolfenstein takes players deep into the heart of the Reich, where experiments with a dark force known as the Black Sun threaten to embolden the Nazis with unimaginable powers. There's only one man for a job of this magnitude: special agent B.J. Blazkowicz!","The most-anticipated game of the year and the sequel to the best-selling first-person action game of all time, Modern Warfare 2 continues the gripping and heart-racing action as players face off against a new threat dedicated to bringing the world to the brink of collapse.","The most-anticipated game of the year and the sequel to the best-selling first-person action game of all time, Modern Warfare 2 continues the gripping and heart-racing action as players face off against a new threat dedicated to bringing the world to the brink of collapse.","5 additional action-packed multiplayer maps, including brand-new battlegrounds and legendary fan-favorites from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare","The best-selling first-person action game of all time gets even bigger with more epic new multiplayer content! The Modern Warfare 2 Resurgence Pack delivers five incredible new multiplayer maps. Take the action to exciting new locations, then battle across legendary landscapes from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare.","Good or Insane? The choice is yours. Following the Apocalyptic end to the Postal Dude’s week in Paradise, we follow him and his insane pitbull Champ as they emigrate to its appropriately named sister city, Catharsis.","The remote hotel stands atop an ominous snow-peaked mountain, and death permeates every inch of the place. A crime has been committed here obviously, and the remote nature of the retreat means that the culprit is still roaming the halls. Which of the guests is capable of this? Whose past hides sinister truths and who has the most to gain?","Operation Valkyrie is a famous plan of the German Resistance to overthrow the tyrannical Nazi government. Standartenfuhrer Gerhard Mayer, a patriot who works in Reich Security Head Office learns that Gestapo has tracked down the conspirators.","PT Boats is dedicated to a small group of little known but perhaps some of the most daring naval combatants of World War II: the torpedo boat crews. These ships are small, fast and agile, and extremely dangerous due to the on-board torpedo launchers. But they are also the most vulnerable of all military vessels.","“The seas can be dangerous, but when you’re in command of a crack strike boat crew…”. Deadly naval weapon of WWII is back with more campaigns, ore combat aircrafts, ships and even more fascinating gameplay. The original game “PT Boats: Knights of the Sea” has opened a new previously unknown aspect of naval battles in WWII.","A true reincarnation of the legendary series!The Almighty has turned away from Nevendaar and its denizens. He is busy thinking about the fate of the world. Above Nevendaar, rent by perpetual wars, a new star flashed out. What will it bring with it? Who will claim its great power? Immerse in the struggle of four powerful races!","The Club™, created by critically acclaimed developer Bizarre Creations, is a new breed of third-person shooter, combining fast-paced run and gun gameplay, destructive environments, and lethal weapons. You will fight to survive in a shadowy underground blood-sport controlled by a faceless, obscenely wealthy and influential elite who place...","Command the seas, control the land, forge a new nation, and conquer the globe.",Embrace the competitive spirit of the world's most prestigious sporting event and represent your country as you compete for the highest honor - the Gold. The game delivers a far more entertaining and immersive Olympic experience with superior graphics capturing the fine emotional detail of each event where a fraction of a second means...,"A game filled with heavy combat action, fast-paced tactics and decision making, Space Siege is an all-new science fiction themed action-RPG being developed by Chris Taylor and his talented team at Gas Powered Games, the creators of Dungeon Siege I &amp; II and Supreme Commander.","October 5, 2009 - Update The Empire Special Forces units are now available for sale separately as DLC for Empire: Total War. This DLC also includes three additional exclusive units, previously unavailable for sale.","Expand your Empire with downloadable content! The Elite Units of the West Downloadable Content for Empire: Total War™ introduces 14 completely unique brand new units from all the major Western factions. Featuring all new infantry and cavalry units, equipped with the best weapons and having undergone the most rigorous of training, the...","The official Empire: Total War™ Expansion A new detailed North American Campaign Map expands the Empire: Total War experience, with 5 brand new American Indian factions, new units and technologies. Experience battles in the new Warpath Campaign and lead one of the 5 new factions in an epic war to defend your lands and drive out the...","The Elite Units of America Downloadable Content for Empire: Total War™ adds 15 new elite units to the American, British and French factions of Empire: Total War. In the last half of the 18th century, the political upheaval from thirteen of British Colonies in North America ultimately led to the 1776 Declaration of Independence and...",The Elite Units of the East DLC for Empire: Total War™ adds 12 new elite units to the Maratha and Ottoman factions of Empire: Total War. Empire: Total War expands further East than any previous Total War game and this Downloadable Content includes the very best units from the Eastern lands.,"Command the seas, control the land, forge a new nation, and conquer the globe.","Survive, hunt and prey in the deadly jungles and swamps in distinctly new and thrilling first person gameplay.",Bring a whole new dimension to the action and excitement of Aliens vs. Predator with four all-new online maps. Two new Multiplayer maps for six different online modes: Docks: Horror comes from the deep at Weyland-Yutani’s abandoned dockyard.,"Welcome to the killing grounds of BG-386. Prove your skills on four new multiplayer maps spanning jungle swamps, Alien crashsites, industrial complexes and ancient temples. Your environment will be your deadliest enemy - constant rainstorms batter you, fog hides your predators with only a flash of lightning to show the way through.","A fantasy voyage through the great mythologies, Loki allows the player to take on the role of one of the four heroes of the game, each drawn from a different mythology: a mighty Norse fighter, a fierce Greek warrior, a powerful Egyptian magician or an Aztec shaman who masters the secrets of the spirit world.","A free game in the truest sense of the word, TrackMania Nations Forever lets you drive at mind-blowing speeds on fun and spectacular tracks in solo and multiplayer modes.TrackMania Nations Forever offers a new &amp;quot;Forever&amp;quot; version of the Stadium environment, a solid solo mode and 65 brand new, progressively challenging tracks.","This new Sherlock Holmes game sends us to 19th Century London where Arséne Lupin, a young French burglar with an impressive track record, has just challenged Scotland Yard and the most famous of detectives - Sherlock Holmes. This new adventure offers gamers tremendous freedom and an even stronger sense of involvement through real-time 3D.","Dracula: Origin reveals the dark origins of the Dracula curse. Once the ardent defender of Christendom, Dracula loses his faith in God when he is abandoned by his one true love after she marries. Dracula then makes a pact with the Prince of Darkness, and becomes a vampire.","This new Sherlock Holmes game sends us to 19th Century London where Arséne Lupin, a young French burglar with an impressive track record, has just challenged Scotland Yard and the most famous of detectives - Sherlock Holmes. This new adventure offers gamers tremendous freedom and an even stronger sense of involvement through real-time 3D.","Dracula: Origin reveals the dark origins of the Dracula curse. Once the ardent defender of Christendom, Dracula loses his faith in God when he is abandoned by his one true love after she marries. Dracula then makes a pact with the Prince of Darkness, and becomes a vampire.","Inspired by The adventures of Sherlock Holmes Written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. After Lord Montcalfe's death, his daughter Elisabeth turns to the famous detective Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery that surrounds her father's death.","The Sherlock Holmes series returns with this updated version of The Awakened, which brings a whole new dimension to the original title developed by Frogwares. Keeping with the traditional Point &amp;amp; Click gameplay style of the original adventure games, The Awakened has been totally rethought, offering players a new third-person view...","At a reception organised in honour of his daughter, Melvyn Bromsby, a rich tycoon, is about to make an important announcement concerning his future business affairs when, all of a sudden, a shot rings out. Sir Bromsby collapses, having suffered a mortal wound to the heart...","Hunker down at your London flat at 221b Baker St. The year is 1896, and Scotland Yard has called Sherlock Holmes with an urgent request for help. A young painter has been found murdered and rolled up in a remarkable Persian carpet.","Recognized as one of the best licenses in adventure gaming and lauded by the international press, Sherlock Holmes is back with an investigation that is sure to be the most horrifying of the series. In this great new adventure, the famous detective chases against the most threatening serial killer England has ever known - Jack the Ripper.","Surviving is only half the game. The award-winning atmosphere and gameplay mechanics of the original Shadowgrounds make a triumphant return in this spin off/sequel armed with a slick new feature set! Shadowgrounds Survivor tells the story of the last remaining humans on Jupiter's moon Ganymede, where the alien onslaught is in full force.","Somewhere in deep space, at an apparently abandoned mining base on the asteriod Alpha Prime, something has gone terribly wrong. Miners were warned that the hubbardium they were mining was too dangerous, but the lure of unimaginable wealth was too strong.","Surviving is only half the game. The award-winning atmosphere and gameplay mechanics of the original Shadowgrounds make a triumphant return in this spin off/sequel armed with a slick new feature set! Shadowgrounds Survivor tells the story of the last remaining humans on Jupiter's moon Ganymede, where the alien onslaught is in full force.","Test your reflexes, judgment and tactics while facing up to eight other players in this follow-up to the critically acclaimed and popular arcade game Gumboy: Crazy Adventures, winner of numerous accolades including Gametunnel's GAME OF THE YEAR 2006.","In the far future, humanity is ruled by The Ministry of Accounts, an oppressive bureaucracy that tracks, records and taxes every transaction of daily life. From the depths of Red Tape, a new breed of marketeer arises to challenge the authority and make a profit: the Space Trader is born!","On December 7, 1941, a major part of the U.S. Pacific navy stationed at Pearl Harbor was assaulted by Japanese planes. Japanese fighters were destroying American aircraft on land and in the air, without giving them a chance for a counterattack. The furious battle of Pearl Harbor became the first in the sequence of gory sea combats.","Pacific Storm: Allies expands upon the success of the internationally acclaimed original to deliver an unforgettable mix of real-time strategy and blistering arcade combat, recreating World War II's most heated battles.","Test your reflexes, judgment and tactics while facing up to eight other players in this follow-up to the critically acclaimed and popular arcade game Gumboy: Crazy Adventures, winner of numerous accolades including Gametunnel's GAME OF THE YEAR 2006.","Penguins Arena is a thrilling and innovative First Penguin Shooter with quick, hectic rounds and where the magic of reincarnation, combined with the supernatural ability to return to the game as a ghost, ensures that your character has every chance to change your tribe's fate, even in the afterlife.","Based on the award-winning mobile game of the same name, Obulis takes things to the next level by fusing highly compelling gameplay with outstanding graphics, music and state of the art physics effects. The goal of Obulis is to drop all of the colored spheres into their like-colored pots.","At the end of 19th Century, dark forces shade the world once again. A brave agent, experienced in exorcism and combat, comes to face the oncoming evil, and fight loathsome supernatural monsters and horrific spawns of black magic.","At the end of 19th Century, dark forces shade the world once again. A brave agent, experienced in exorcism and combat, comes to face the oncoming evil, and fight loathsome supernatural monsters and horrific spawns of black magic.","Chains is a challenging puzzle game with a unique feel and distinctive vector graphics style. The object of the game is simple - to link adjacent bubbles of the same color into chains. As you progress through the physics-driven stages it becomes increasingly more challenging and players' speed, strategy and skill will be put to the test.","From the art and stories of famed graphic novelist and filmmaker Enki Bilal, and the studio created by adventure game legend Benoit Sokal comes Nikopol: Secrets of the Immortals. Set in France in the year 2023, the country is governed by a dictator who rules by religious absolute power.","Solve exciting criminal cases on the mean streets as member of the autobahn police force - or freely explore the open game world while chasing down high-octane racers. Escort politicians, transport precious goods or take down the criminal element with over 500HP and close to 200MPH.","Prepare to be tempted, mesmerized and thrilled, become the Overlord, how corrupt you become depends on how you handle any given situation. Your actions impact the game world. With incredible power at your disposal and a team of evil minded minions to do your evil bidding, how will you resist the temptation to be incredibly despotic?","Prepare to be tempted, mesmerized and thrilled, become the Overlord, how corrupt you become depends on how you handle any given situation. Your actions impact the game world. With incredible power at your disposal and a team of evil minded minions to do your evil bidding, how will you resist the temptation to be incredibly despotic?","The player can take control of American, British, Russian, or German forces to play out battles that are set in World War II. The game is primarily a strategy game, but the player can take control of his or her forces and direct them with the keyboard and mouse for additional depth of control.","In the space of fifty years, Earth changed from a planet on cusp of a challenging future to a world a breath away from lifelessness and plunged into an apocalyptic time of ecological disaster, global warfare and the meltdown of human civilization. This is the time of the Maelstrom.","Develop your own hospital drama and manipulate the results to your best advantage! In charge of a rapidly expanding hospital, your job is to cure the patients with your army of doctors and nurses while successfully managing the facilities and taking care of everyone's needs.","Indulge in the fusion of puzzle, light and music. Experience the addictive puzzle action enhanced with stylish graphics and block-rocking beats. Lumines introduces you to a brand new block-dropping-puzzler experience. As you create 2x2 squares in same color, the vertical time line wipes them away from left to right.","Indulge in the fusion of puzzle, light and music. Experience the addictive puzzle action enhanced with stylish graphics and block-rocking beats. Lumines introduces you to a brand new block-dropping-puzzler experience. As you create 2x2 squares in same color, the vertical time line wipes them away from left to right.",Ready for the next challenge? Prepare yourself for the ultimate LUMINES experience and show us your skills! This exciting pack includes: 21 skins + 2 bonus skins for Challenge Mode 60 mind-bending puzzles to solve in Puzzle Mode 35 stages of quick-thinking and fast-moving in Mission...,"Welcome to Liberty City. Where it all began. With stellar voice acting, a darkly comic storyline, a stunning soundtrack and revolutionary open-world gameplay, Grand Theft Auto III is the game that defined the open world genre for a generation.","Welcome to Vice City. Welcome to the 1980s. From the decade of big hair, excess and pastel suits comes a story of one man's rise to the top of the criminal pile.","Five years ago Carl Johnson escaped from the pressures of life in Los Santos, San Andreas... a city tearing itself apart with gang trouble, drugs and corruption. Where filmstars and millionaires do their best to avoid the dealers and gangbangers. Now, it's the early 90s. Carl's got to go home.","You awake to the sound of your own panicked breath. In Manhunt, you must run, hide and fight to survive. If you can stay alive long enough, you may find out who did this to you. This is a brutal blood sport.","Max Payne is a man with nothing to lose in the violent, cold urban night. A fugitive undercover cop framed for murder, hunted by cops and the mob, Max is a man with his back against the wall, fighting a battle he cannot hope to win.","Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne is a violent, film-noir love story. Dark, tragic and intense, the in-depth story is a thrill-ride of shocking twists and revelations. Love hurts.","The world's most notorious drivers meet each night on the streets of LA, Paris, and Tokyo. Choose from a collection of performance-enhanced cars or bikes and compete head-to-head to make a name for yourself. There are no rules. Drive anywhere in the city. Find the fastest route to win.",Drive dozens of varied vehicles around three of America's toughest cities. Only the best will be able to tame the fastest cars. Only the smartest will know all the short-cuts and the whereabouts of the hottest wheels. Only the toughest will be able to take on the world and finish the job like a professional...,"Grand Theft Auto is back. The cars are faster. The streets are busier. The bad guys are nastier. The police are angrier. And now, the FBI and the Army are getting involved... Seven ruthless gangs are involved in a ruthless power struggle and it is up to you to make a name for yourself. Respect is earned, not given.","Bully tells the story of mischievous 15-year-old Jimmy Hopkins as he goes through the hilarity and awkwardness of adolescence. Beat the jocks at dodge ball, play pranks on the preppies, save the nerds, kiss the girl and navigate the social hierarchy in the worst school around.","What does the American dream mean today? For Niko Bellic fresh off the boat from Europe, it is the hope he can escape from his past. For his cousin, Roman, it is the vision that together they can find fortune in Liberty City, gateway to the land of opportunity.",Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City includes both The Lost and Damned and The Ballad of Gay Tony together and does not require a copy of the original Grand Theft Auto IV to play.,"Welcome to Vice City. Welcome to the 1980s. From the decade of big hair, excess and pastel suits comes a story of one man's rise to the top of the criminal pile.","The World Union is labeled the 'perfect society'. Prosperity is a science, disease and wars have vanished, sex is entertainment, and the future has never looked brighter. Suddenly this perfect society is rocked by the murder of a World Union citizen in the 'Rogue State' of Russia.",A shadow of evil has fallen on the kingdom of Ancaria. It is a time for champions - a time to journey into the perilous world of SACRED. Battle blood-thirsty orcs &amp;amp; lumbering ogres... Destroy undead wizards &amp;amp; rotting mummies... Slay hellish demons &amp;amp; legendary dragons.,"Darkstar One offers a fantastic amount of freedom of choice. The story-based missions gradually lead you deeper into the galaxy to new races, new technologies and ever stronger opponents. Explore a vast array of solar systems in search of hidden artifacts of ancient races, essential objects for upgrading your ship--the Darkstar One.","Colonial England. Under a certain amount of duress... Jack takes on a job, which will not only cause him a great deal of trouble, but also bring to light the answer to a mystery out of his distant past. A lack of money leads Jack to accept a charter to take a British secret agent to mysterious 'Tooth Island'.","FlatOut Ultimate Carnage lifts destruction racing to a whole new level of bone-breaking slaughter. FlatOut Ultimate Carnage is arcade destruction racing at its best and most extreme with real world physics, three different game modes and offering players a wide variety of online and offline multiplayer options.","The small country of Arulco has been taken over by a merciless dictator - and only you can loosen the iron grip! Jagged Alliance 2 Gold Pack immerses you into an elaborate role-playing universe where you will interact with more than 150 characters, recruit your own band of soldiers and create your own custom mercenary to win back Arulco...","The small country of Arulco has been taken over by a merciless dictator - and only you can loosen the iron grip! Jagged Alliance 2 Gold Pack immerses you into an elaborate role-playing universe where you will interact with more than 150 characters, recruit your own band of soldiers and create your own custom mercenary to win back Arulco...","The Intelligence Agency has commissioned you, Francis Rixon, to find out what is happening inside the Corporation's confines and to retrieve information about a secret mineral upon which the very existence of the human race may depend.","Perimeter 2: New Earth is the long-awaited sequel of the critically acclaimed RTS Perimeter. Ideas of territorial gameplay and landscape modification, introduced in the original game, are now realized on a new concept &amp; technology level.","Big Score is based around a classic story of police vs. criminals in a fight for a big score. The fantastic action will leave you breathless and will pump-up your adrenaline while you are rescuing your ball, trying to hit that last glowing target.",This time he will not fail. This time Osiris will show the world of humans what he's made of. But the ankh alone is not enough - not as long as he hasn't found the most important part of his body: his heart. Life has not been kind to Assil. Only three weeks ago he managed to ward off his death curse.,"The omens of the Battle of the Gods have been many, signaling the impending fight for supremacy over all other gods of Egypt. And of course, Assil will be caught in the middle of it all again. Together with his girlfriend Thara, he will have to prevent the sinister Seth from winning the battle and subjecting Egypt to his regime of terror.","BC Kings features several new elements not commonly found in strategy games. In addition to gathering resources, training an army and defeating the enemy, you will have to solve adventure and role-playing elements as well. The campaign is built around the epic story of the brave hero Mradin, and his trusty old friend Giesnik.","The Caribbean in the 17th Century - Trade with over 60 towns, create your own production facilities, expand your trading empire and influence the development of the New World. As pirates and military fleets threaten your trade convoys, you'll need escort ships.",9th Company Roots of Terror is an action-oriented real-time strategy game based on actual events that took place during the Soviet military campaign in Afghanistan. 9th Company follows the story of a ragged band of young recruits undergoing brutal training in Uzbekistan’s Fergana Valley and culminates with a bloody stand against the...,"PuzzleQuest: Challenge of the Warlords delivers, for the first time ever, classic puzzle-game action backed with an epic story of good vs. evil. Challenge your match 3 skills as you battle against computer opponents to save the Kingdom of Etheria from the evil Lord Bane.","Crack that Whip! Take reigns of a privately run prison. You are responsible for the care, custody, and control of individuals who have been arrested. Begin with a low security prison and build it up to a SuperMax. From construction to daily operations, you must protect society while turning a profit. It's time for lockdown.",Your American Dream Starts Behind the Wheel of Your Own Big Rig! North America's open roads await! You ain't working for the Man any more! You're the owner of your own trucking business and you call the shots. Build your empire one rig at a time to dominate the roadways and outbid the competition. Can you handle the pressure?,The Ultimate PC Hunting Experience Is Back...Bigger and Better Than Ever! Jump Right Into the Action with Hunting Unlimited 2008™! Get up close and personal with the big game you seek. Gone are the endless hours of empty forests and unused shots. The search for the elusive prized trophy has never been more action packed or more realistic.,"Organized crime is taking over Metro City. As a detective in the 83rd precinct you must use your Mahjongg skills to unearth clues and bring the criminals to justice. Don Diamante, the city's undisputed godfather, must be located and brought in. Collect and match evidence tiles to pinpoint perpetrators.","Are you ready to build the Greatest Midway on Earth? Summer nights, flashing lights, stomach churning rides, girls and guys all combine to make the perfect carnival. Attract them, thrill them, feed them, frighten them, and leave them yearning for more! Run your own traveling carnival.","Welcome to the world of HotDish, where knowing your way around the kitchen is a recipe for success! Build your career one dish at a time as you start at the bottom of the culinary ladder as a line cook in a local Italian restaurant with dreams of one day becoming a world class 5 Star French chef.","The Doctor is In! Dr. Daisy has just graduated from veterinary school and needs to complete 5 rotations to finish her residency. Help her diagnose and heal needy animals in this madcap dash classic. From the local veterinary clinic to a sea park all the way to a big city zoo, Daisy needs to keep her ailing friends happy and healthy.","Buckle up. You're going for a ride. Race at speeds over 140 MPH on dirt, on the proving grounds for today's top professional drivers. Shoulder to shoulder sprint car racing makes for spectacular crashes, and white-knuckle driving. Start out as a small town star and work your way up through the ranks to become a national legend.","Push Every Boundary...of Your Car and of the Law. Enter an explosive world where nitrous erupts and rubber burns. You live your life one race at a time and from midnight to dawn, the adrenaline is on. Feel the raw power of your super-charged engine as you punch the accelerator for cash and hard-won respect.","Become immersed in the fantastic world of Aris  a world populated by Orcs, Elves, Dwarfs and Humans. Complete more than 30 challenging quests to find the three parts of the Hand of God amulet and save Aris from impending doom.",Drakensang is a third-person party-based RPG based on the pen &amp;amp; paper role-play rules of The Dark Eye. Drakensang is the first PC game for over 10 years to be based on Germany's most successful and popular role-play system. Drakensang builds on the pen &amp;amp; paper rules as applied in version 4.0.,Do you have what it takes to design a fancy frock or a fashion flop? Compete in creative challenges for the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to show your creations in a major runway event and become the ultimate fashion designer. Will you be asked to stay or leave Mission: Runway? Take on the fashion challenge?,"Get the Shot. Get the Game. Experience fast-paced hunting action in pursuit of the biggest trophy bucks throughout North America, Canada and Now the Bavarian Forest! Wilderness Madness! Free Hunt Mode drops you right in the action with game a plenty, or for exacting hunting adventures try Challenge Mode. Calling All Predators.","How evil can you get? Discover how corruptible you are in Overlord, the twisted fantasy action adventure where you can be evil (or really evil). In the game's seriously warped fantasy world, players will become the Overlord and get first-hand experience of how absolute power corrupts absolutely.","As the King of Iolcus, Jason had everythinga prosperous kingdom, the respect of his peers, and a beautiful fiancé. When she was killed on their wedding day, he vowed to do anything to restore her life. Now, in order to accomplish this heroic feat Jason must seek out the Golden Fleece -- and with the help of Greek mythology's greatest...","Evolving the shooter genre with its unique and exhilarating combination of fluid action and combat, Damnation features huge, open environments, frenetic combat, daredevil acrobatics and high-octane vehicle-based stunts.","Overlord II, sequel to the critically acclaimed cult hit, sees the return of the chaotic Minions and their new Dark Master. Bigger, badder and more beautifully destructive, Overlord 2 has a Glorious Empire to smash, a massive Netherworld to revive, Minion mounts to mobilize, a trio of mistresses to woo, War Machines to crush opposition...","Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced.","Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced.","Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced.","Classic side-scrolling gameplay is reporting back for duty with Bionic Commando Rearmed, a remake of the classic NES game, out now on PC. 20 years after the 8-bit classic was released, Bionic Commando Rearmed recreates the world of the original with a complete &amp;quot;2.5D&amp;quot; visual revamp.","Wolfenstein takes players deep into the heart of the Reich, where experiments with a dark force known as the Black Sun threaten to embolden the Nazis with unimaginable powers. There's only one man for a job of this magnitude: special agent B.J. Blazkowicz!","Lock, Load, &amp;amp; Face the MadnessGet ready for the mind blowing insanity! Play as one of four trigger-happy mercenaries and take out everything that stands in your way!With its addictive action, frantic first-person shooter combat, massive arsenal of weaponry, RPG elements and four-player co-op*, Borderlands is a breakthrough experience...","Lock, Load, &amp;amp; Face the MadnessGet ready for the mind blowing insanity! Play as one of four trigger-happy mercenaries and take out everything that stands in your way!With its addictive action, frantic first-person shooter combat, massive arsenal of weaponry, RPG elements and four-player co-op*, Borderlands is a breakthrough experience...","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!",Lead and Gold: Gangs of the Wild West is a third-person shooter that delivers an intense team-based multiplayer experience. Relive the violent era of the Wild West with adrenaline-fueled action and fast-paced gunfights. Engage in gritty battles in beautifully rendered classic Western settings.,Lead and Gold: Gangs of the Wild West is a third-person shooter that delivers an intense team-based multiplayer experience. Relive the violent era of the Wild West with adrenaline-fueled action and fast-paced gunfights. Engage in gritty battles in beautifully rendered classic Western settings.,Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City includes both The Lost and Damned and The Ballad of Gay Tony together and does not require a copy of the original Grand Theft Auto IV to play.,Experience the original F.E.A.R. along with F.E.A.R. Extraction Point and F.E.A.R. Perseus Mandate. Available Now!,Experience the original F.E.A.R. along with F.E.A.R. Extraction Point and F.E.A.R. Perseus Mandate. Available Now!,"Three years after the conflict in Chernarus, portrayed in the original Arma 2, a new flashpoint explodes in the Green Sea Region. Coalition forces led by the US Army are deployed to Takistan to quickly restore peace and prevent further civilian casualties.",Welcome to Vegas. New Vegas. Enjoy your stay!,"Red Faction: Armageddon Path to War includes 4 new missions, 2 unlockable items and 10 new achievements!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Three years after the conflict in Chernarus, portrayed in the original Arma 2, a new flashpoint explodes in the Green Sea Region. Coalition forces led by the US Army are deployed to Takistan to quickly restore peace and prevent further civilian casualties.",Mafia III Announced - Coming October 7th 2016...,Mafia III Announced - Coming October 7th 2016...,"Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!",The biggest first-person action series of all time and the follow-up to critically acclaimed Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare 2 returns with Call of Duty®: Black Ops.,The biggest first-person action series of all time and the follow-up to critically acclaimed Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare 2 returns with Call of Duty®: Black Ops.,"Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","You are the leader of an elite squad of Republic Commandos, your mission is to infiltrate, dominate, and ultimately, annihilate the enemy. Your squad will follow your orders and your lead, working together as a team - instinctively, intelligently, instantly. You are their leader. They are your weapon.",The Man With The Hat Is Back In His Greatest Adventure Yet! 1939 - The eve of World War II. Nazi agents are about to get their hands on a weapon more dangerous than the atom bomb. Only Indy can stop them before they unleash the deadly secret that sank Atlantis.,Forge your weapon and follow the path of the Jedi Jedi Knight: Jedi Academy is the latest installment of the highly acclaimed Jedi Knight series. Take on the role of a new student eager to learn the ways of the Force from Jedi Master Luke Skywalker.,The Legacy of Star Wars Dark Forces™ and Star Wars® Jedi Knight lives on in the intense first-person action of Jedi Outcast.,"An asteroid the size of a small moon is on a crash course toward Earth. Once the wayward asteroid is nuked into a safe orbit, a trio conducts a routine examination of the rocky surface. What they uncover is anything but routine.","Join the rise of Darth Vader’s elite 501st Legion of Stormtroopers as you fight through an all new story-based saga where every action you take impacts the battlefront and, ultimately, the fate of the Star Wars galaxy.","Thrillville™: Off the Rails lives up to its name with 20 death-defying rides! Players can build incredible coasters to leap from one track to another, launch through the air like cannonballs, blast through a burning rings of fire and more!","Meet the Lionhearts. A smack-talking rag-tag band of rebels on an impossible quest. If they can make it through an army of psychotic robots and wall-smashing Goliaths, they just might save the world... if they don't burn it down first.","Shank is the cult-classic revival of the sidescrolling beat-em-up. Play as Shank in an over-the-top grindhouse game, packed to the rim with enemies, bosses, combos, and more by the award-winning team at Klei Entertainment.","Shank is the cult-classic revival of the sidescrolling beat-em-up. Play as Shank in an over-the-top grindhouse game, packed to the rim with enemies, bosses, combos, and more by the award-winning team at Klei Entertainment.","Shank is the cult-classic revival of the sidescrolling beat-em-up. Play as Shank in an over-the-top grindhouse game, packed to the rim with enemies, bosses, combos, and more by the award-winning team at Klei Entertainment.","Grim spectres, howling banshees, and sly gremlins are yours to command as you unleash ghastly spirits on the town of Gravenville and scare the wits out of its citizens. In the world of the Ghost Master, spooks do your bidding, as you solve puzzles and unlock mysteries in a challenge that combines the best of strategy, adventure, and...","Develop a state-of-the art Las Vegas resort complex, using all the money and management skill you can. Customers on the living, breathing Las Vegas boulevard are Notoriously hard to satisfy - can you win the hearts and wallets of Vegas? Amazing real-time 3D graphics show off your resort to the max.","FlatOut is adrenaline-filled muscle car racing game packed with explosive physics, spectacular effects and graphics, innovative game play mechanics and good old fun! Eight players or AI cars on track for close pack racing Single player Career, Quick race and Time trial modes Multiplayer mayhem with up to 8 players 16 different fully...","FlatOut is adrenaline-filled muscle car racing game packed with explosive physics, spectacular effects and graphics, innovative game play mechanics and good old fun! Eight players or AI cars on track for close pack racing Single player Career, Quick race and Time trial modes Multiplayer mayhem with up to 8 players 16 different fully...","Making History&amp;reg; delivers the open-ended gameplay of strategy-game classics, but with compelling new economic, military, and diplomatic systems and deep research that lets you play with real historical challenges.","Making History&amp;reg; delivers the open-ended gameplay of strategy-game classics, but with compelling new economic, military, and diplomatic systems and deep research that lets you play with real historical challenges.","Feel the rush of motorcycle racing with Ducati World Championship. Select your machine from over 70 original Ducati models, perfectly simulated replicas of the real thing. With Ducati World Championship you don't have to settle on one model - you can have them all!","Dreamfall: The Longest Journey, winner of multiple E3 awards as the best game in its genre, is the continuation of a saga that began in the award-winning The Longest Journey, considered to be one of the finest adventure games ever made.","The Longest Journey is an amazing graphical adventure, where the player controls the protagonist, April Ryan, on her journey between parallel universes. Embark on an exciting and original journey of discovery, where you will explore, solve puzzles, meet new people, face terrifying monsters, learn, grow, and live the adventure of a...","The Longest Journey is an amazing graphical adventure, where the player controls the protagonist, April Ryan, on her journey between parallel universes. Embark on an exciting and original journey of discovery, where you will explore, solve puzzles, meet new people, face terrifying monsters, learn, grow, and live the adventure of a...","Bloodline Champions is a Free-to-Play online PvP Arena game where players engage in short, intense battles of up to ten players divided into two teams. Each player takes control over one of several bloodlines, each with their own unique weapons and abilities. Easy to learn, challenging to master.","Joint Task Force is the real-time strategy (RTS) game where you command the frontline forces in tomorrow's most hazardous conflicts. Lead twenty dramatic missions in explosive war-zones including the Middle East, Central Asia, and the Balkans.","Joint Task Force is the real-time strategy (RTS) game where you command the frontline forces in tomorrow's most hazardous conflicts. Lead twenty dramatic missions in explosive war-zones including the Middle East, Central Asia, and the Balkans.","At the dawn of the 22nd century, the conquest of space and the colonization of the solar system is being monopolized by several huge and ambitious mega-corporations. Although extremely delicate and vulnerable, a balance is maintained by these companies.","Driven to the brink of extinction on ice-covered wastelands, humankind fights to survive. Battle to survive against gargantuan alien Akrid and treacherous Snow Pirates on the vast and frozen landscape of EDN III. With no allies at your side, the only thing you can trust is your instincts.","Dante's past is now revealed as Devil May Cry returns to its roots. Master Dante's multiple fighting styles while battling never before seen demons and new characters as you fight your way towards a brutal confrontation with Dante's mysterious twin brother, Vergil.","Driven to the brink of extinction on ice-covered wastelands, humankind fights to survive. Battle to survive against gargantuan alien Akrid and treacherous Snow Pirates on the vast and frozen landscape of EDN III. With no allies at your side, the only thing you can trust is your instincts.","Bullet Candy is a fast paced, action packed arena shooter. There are a variety of combo systems and many secret techniques that you can employ to get the best score and weapon upgrades possible. Viewed from a top-down perspective, Bullet Candy allows for a true 360° shoot-em-up experience.","Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a real-time tactics game set in World War II that puts you in command of a small squad of elite troopers. Send them behind enemy lines on a series of hazardous missions, and bring them back alive. Clever strategy has never been so furiously action-packed.","You have been selected for active service in the Commandos Corps, and must now mobilize in a series of 8 new dangerous missions. You may come with experience of action 'Behind Enemy Lines' or perhaps you are just a rookie - whatever you are, you will be given the opportunity to push your daring and tactical ability to the limit.",Commandos 2: Men of Courage is a tactical action/strategy game set against the backdrop of World War II. Take control of an elite group of commandos who must venture deep into enemy territory and utilize their combined expertise to complete a series of mission-based objectives.,"Commandos 3: Destination Berlin is a game of real-time tactics that places you in command of an elite unit of Special Forces behind enemy lines in the European theater of World War II. From the shores of France to the heart of the Third Reich, strike fast from land or sea infiltrating hostile territories and conducting raids to disrupt...","Enter the realm of a retired assassin, forced back into action by treason. You may be a hired killer but you still have a sense of loyalty and justice. Visit the dark recesses of a world corrupted by crime, greed, degradation and dishonor. And a past that catches up with you.","Money Talks. Silence Pays. Prepare to Make a Killing. When assassins from Agent 47's contract agency, The ICA, are eliminated in a series of hits, it seems a larger, more powerful agency has entered the fray. Sensing he may be a target, 47 travels to America, and prepares to make a killing.","Battlestations: Midway is an immense action game that drops players into massive air, sea, and undersea battles from Pearl Harbor to the Battle of Midway.","Your world...Your rules! In Just Cause, you are a Latin field operative and specialist in regime change backed by top secret US government agency who will overthrow the corrupt government of San Esperito.","As the enigmatic Hitman, you must use stealth and tactical problem solving to enter, execute and exit your assignment with minimum attention and maximum effectiveness. For a price, you have access to the most devious devices, but how you use them will determine if you retire as a millionaire or get permanently retired.","The year is 2052 and the world is a dangerous and chaotic place. Terrorists operate openly - killing thousands; drugs, disease and pollution kill even more. The world's economies are close to collapse and the gap between the insanely wealthy and the desperately poor grows ever wider.","Approximately 20 years after the events depicted in Deus Ex, The World is only beginning to recover from a Catastrophic worldwide depression. In the Chaotic period of recovery, several religious and political factions see an opportunity to re-shape a worldwide government to their agendas, understanding that the right moves now could...","Your world...Your rules! In Just Cause, you are a Latin field operative and specialist in regime change backed by top secret US government agency who will overthrow the corrupt government of San Esperito.","Battlestations: Midway is an immense action game that drops players into massive air, sea, and undersea battles from Pearl Harbor to the Battle of Midway.","Money Talks. Silence Pays. Prepare to Make a Killing. When assassins from Agent 47's contract agency, The ICA, are eliminated in a series of hits, it seems a larger, more powerful agency has entered the fray. Sensing he may be a target, 47 travels to America, and prepares to make a killing.","You are Garrett, the master thief. Rarely seen and never caught, Garrett is the best that ever was. Able to sneak past any guard, pick any lock, and break into the most ingeniously secured residences. Garrett steals from the wealthy and gives to himself, making his living in the dark and foreboding City.","The gaming world's sexiest and most intrepid adventurer makes her triumphant return in Lara Croft Tomb Raider: Legend! Follow Lara down a path of discovery as she travels the globe to remote, exotic locales in search of one of history's greatest artifacts that unleash unwelcome figures from Lara's mysterious past.","Experience the dramatic intensity of the frontlines of a war through the eyes of the first of a new breed of super soldiers in this gritty and epic first-person action game. An augmented super-soldier must stop a renegade regime from eradicating the civilized world. Hong Kong, 2065. 2nd Lt.","Nu Earth: a poisoned planet where endless war rages between the Norts and the Southers. A futile struggle on a hostile planet with no end in sight. But there are tales of a lone warrior. A man who knows no allegiance, the Rogue Trooper!","The gaming world's sexiest and most intrepid adventurer makes her triumphant return in Lara Croft Tomb Raider: Legend! Follow Lara down a path of discovery as she travels the globe to remote, exotic locales in search of one of history's greatest artifacts that unleash unwelcome figures from Lara's mysterious past.","Experience the dramatic intensity of the frontlines of a war through the eyes of the first of a new breed of super soldiers in this gritty and epic first-person action game. An augmented super-soldier must stop a renegade regime from eradicating the civilized world. Hong Kong, 2065. 2nd Lt.","Step into the role of an aspiring martial-arts master and follow the path of the open palm or the closed fist. In this multi-award-winning action-RPG, your choices and actions will determine the fate of the entire Jade Empire. Will you prevent the destruction of this beautiful land, or will you crush it beneath your heel?",TrackMania is the most entertaining car racing game ever. Millions of players play it in single or multiplayer modes. TrackMania United Forever is the ultimate TrackMania edition thanks to the numerous additions and innovations it has to offer.,"New York, 2000......Without knowing how or why, Brian, a student on the verge of graduating from college, is attacked by Mafia gangsters. During his desperate getaway, in the company of a mysterious striptease dancer, he ends up meeting a wide range of unusual characters.","Travel to the four corners of the world with Brian and Gina in a crazy story packed full of surprises. Pirates, spies, surfers, soldiers, and even aliens get in on the act - all combining to create a wonderfully rewarding experience to savour and remember forever!","Travel to the four corners of the world with Brian and Gina in a crazy story packed full of surprises. Pirates, spies, surfers, soldiers, and even aliens get in on the act - all combining to create a wonderfully rewarding experience to savour and remember forever!","A fantasy voyage through the great mythologies, Loki allows the player to take on the role of one of the four heroes of the game, each drawn from a different mythology: a mighty Norse fighter, a fierce Greek warrior, a powerful Egyptian magician or an Aztec shaman who masters the secrets of the spirit world.","A fantasy voyage through the great mythologies, Loki allows the player to take on the role of one of the four heroes of the game, each drawn from a different mythology: a mighty Norse fighter, a fierce Greek warrior, a powerful Egyptian magician or an Aztec shaman who masters the secrets of the spirit world.","The Sherlock Holmes series returns with this updated version of The Awakened, which brings a whole new dimension to the original title developed by Frogwares. Keeping with the traditional Point &amp;amp; Click gameplay style of the original adventure games, The Awakened has been totally rethought, offering players a new third-person view...","Trapped in a magical puzzle book, the adventurous Titus needs your help to release him from his spell. To do this, you must solve the tricky puzzles of Azada&amp;trade;. Crack the series of puzzles and fill in the missing pages of the enchanted book to free Titus from his prison. Loads of unique puzzles to solve.","In X-Blades, the player takes on the role of the enchanting heroine Ayumi, who survives a breathtaking dance of blades through the Hordes of Darkness. The long-haired beautiful anime, with her pistol blades and mind-blowing leaps, whirls and swirls from one fantastic level to the next.",Check out the new Velvet Edition bundle including both Two Worlds II and Pirates of the Flying Fortress DLC.,"While the bloody battle between Gandohar’s troops and the armies of the Orcs is raging in front of the gates of Oswaroth, the emperor waits in the depths of his palace on the outcome of the struggle for power.","Sid Meier's Railroads! marks the return of the watershed title in simulation/strategy gaming that launched the popular &amp;quot;tycoon&amp;quot; genre, and inspired a new generation of games. Sid Meier's Railroads!","Railroad Tycoon 3 features 25 scenarios challenging players to recreate magnificent feats of railroading history from around the world. Players can lay track (including tunnels and overpasses), pick from over 40 locomotives from early steams to modern bullets, choose to haul over 35 types of cargo in a dynamic economy, and participate in...",Includes Railroad Tycoon II and the expansion The Second Century It can take you from New York to South Africa. It can take you from the year 1804 to the year 2000. It can take you from penniless manual laborer to powerful multi-millionaire.,"The war continues... X-COM: UFO Defense brought you to a galactic battlefield. X-COM: Terror from the Deep brings the alien terror into a totally new dimension. Seeking to take advantage of a weakened Earth, X-COM's deep space foes unexpectedly change strategy and launch a powerful second front against planet Earth.","There's something evil in the city tonight... Earth has been ravaged by human excess, petty conflict and alien invasion. The world's population has been herded into huge cities, the first of which was Mega Primus. 2084: A Utopia shattered, social collapse and civil unrest reigns in Mega Primus. Fiendish aliens terrorize the city.","BioShock is a shooter unlike any you've ever played, loaded with weapons and tactics never seen. You'll have a complete arsenal at your disposal from simple revolvers to grenade launchers and chemical throwers, but you'll also be forced to genetically modify your DNA to create an even more deadly weapon: you.","BioShock is a shooter unlike any you've ever played, loaded with weapons and tactics never seen. You'll have a complete arsenal at your disposal from simple revolvers to grenade launchers and chemical throwers, but you'll also be forced to genetically modify your DNA to create an even more deadly weapon: you.","They're back...only this time the heinous aliens are out to destroy Earth and rule the new frontier. As X-COM commander, it's your sole duty to protect humanity and the prized mining operations in outer space.",You are in control of X-COM: an organization formed by the world's governments to fight the ever-increasing alien menace. Features: Command deadly close-combat battles Shooting down UFOs is just the beginning: you must then lead a squad of heavily-armed soldiers across different terrains as they investigate the UFO crash site.,X-COM: Earth's top-secret eXtraterrestrial COMbat unit The Place: America - early 21st century The Mission: Eradicate the extraterrestrials Alien forces have invaded Earth and are terrorizing the population.,"Men of War is a stunning Real-Time Strategy game that takes place during the height of World War II. Intense battles span Europe and North Africa as gamers play as Soviet, Allied or German forces across 19 massive single-player missions.","Do you have what it takes to Survive? Death Track: Resurrection is a racing/action title that takes players into a post-apocalyptic, not-too-distant future where traditional sports have been replaced by far more violent entertainment.","War is Hell. NecroVision is a first-person shooter that takes gamers across the frantic battlegrounds of World War I and into a dark underworld of vampires, demons and dark magic.","Men of War is a stunning Real-Time Strategy game that takes place during the height of World War II. Intense battles span Europe and North Africa as gamers play as Soviet, Allied or German forces across 19 massive single-player missions.","The new action-thriller from the award-winning team at Infinity Ward, the creators of the Call of Duty® series, delivers the most intense and cinematic action experience ever. Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare arms gamers with an arsenal of advanced and powerful modern day firepower and transports them to the most treacherous hotspots...",Your Trophy Buck is Waiting! Experience fast paced hunting action in pursuit of record trophy bucks across 24 state and provinces in North America. Gameplay starts at the most critical and exciting parts of each hunting mission where you are immediately presented with a challenge.,"Tomb Raider: Anniversary retraces Lara Croft's original genre-defining adventure  globe-trotting 3rd person action-adventure in pursuit of the legendary Scion artifact. Using an enhanced 'Tomb Raider: Legend' game engine, the graphics, technology and physics bring Lara's adventure and pursuit of a mystical artifact known only as the...","Tomb Raider: Anniversary retraces Lara Croft's original genre-defining adventure  globe-trotting 3rd person action-adventure in pursuit of the legendary Scion artifact. Using an enhanced 'Tomb Raider: Legend' game engine, the graphics, technology and physics bring Lara's adventure and pursuit of a mystical artifact known only as the...","The greatest football management sim returns... Think you can do better? It's your decisions that count: your budget, your buys, your formation, your tactics...your chance to prove it! Use your skills and knowledge to manage your club the way you feel it should be - now it's your turn.","Think you can do better? It's your decisions that count: your budget, your buys, your formation, your tactics... your chance to prove it! Use your skills and knowledge to manage your club the way you feel it should be - now it's your turn. All football fans around the world, believe they know more about football than anybody else.","Kane and Lynch: Dead Men is the new action shooter franchise by Io-Interactive, creators of the multi-million selling Hitman series. Kane &amp;amp; Lynch: Dead Men follows the violent and chaotic journey of two men - a flawed mercenary and a medicated psychopath - and their brutal attitude towards right and wrong.","*This is a single player only title*Venezuela is left in a state of civil war after the government was brutally overthrown by a military coup. With factions fighting to reinstate democracy, the U.S. government has offered their assistance, though the new government regime has threatened to deploy nuclear weapons if the U.S.","*This is a single player only title*Venezuela is left in a state of civil war after the government was brutally overthrown by a military coup. With factions fighting to reinstate democracy, the U.S. government has offered their assistance, though the new government regime has threatened to deploy nuclear weapons if the U.S.","Tomb Raider: Underworld represents a new advancement in exploration-based gameplay. As fearless adventurer Lara Croft explore exotic locations around the world, each designed with an incredible attention to detail resulting in breathtaking high-definition visual fidelity that creates a truly believable world and delivers a new level of...","Tomb Raider: Underworld represents a new advancement in exploration-based gameplay. As fearless adventurer Lara Croft explore exotic locations around the world, each designed with an incredible attention to detail resulting in breathtaking high-definition visual fidelity that creates a truly believable world and delivers a new level of...","Experience one war through two epic sagas where you will be a part of history or change it. Feel the power of the historically authentic and decisive battles of the Pacific War. Relive some of the grandest and most critical naval battles of recent history and for the first time, choose to lead your fleet to a completely different ending...","Experience one war through two epic sagas where you will be a part of history or change it. Feel the power of the historically authentic and decisive battles of the Pacific War. Relive some of the grandest and most critical naval battles of recent history and for the first time, choose to lead your fleet to a completely different ending...",Dive into an adrenaline-fuelled free-roaming adventure with 400 square miles of rugged terrain and hundreds of weapons and vehicles.,Sam &amp;amp; Max: Episode 1 - Culture Shock - The former child stars of the Soda Poppers TV show are wreaking havoc all over the neighborhood! But this is no ordinary tale of child stars gone awry. There's a dark force behind the Poppers' baffling antics.,Sam &amp;amp; Max: Episode 2 - Situation: Comedy - Talk show host Myra Stump has gone berzerk! Sam &amp;amp; Max head down to the WARP TV studio to find out why she's holding her audience hostage. But getting onto Myra's stage isn't going to be easy. First the Freelance Police will have to prove they're worthy of fifteen minutes of fame.,"Sam &amp;amp; Max Episode 3 - The Mole, The Mob, and The Meatball - The commissioner is looking into an underground operation at the Ted E. Bear Mafia-Free Playland and Casino, but the mole he sent in has suddenly gone quiet. To find the mole, Sam &amp;amp; Max must infiltrate the operation and become members of the Toy Mafia themselves.","Sam &amp;amp; Max Episode 4 - Abe Lincoln Must Die - The president's lost it. Federally mandated group hugs, a pudding embargo... what's next, gun control? Sam &amp;amp; Max are off to Washington to take care of this bozo, but the political climate will only get stormier... and a new power will rise...","With an internet crisis looming and a viral video game holding its players hostage, Sam &amp;amp; Max will need to slip into a new reality to set things right. But can the Freelance Police crack this virtual case in time to avoid worldwide system failure?One of six self-contained cases with an overarching story arc.","Sam &amp;amp; Max: Episode 6 - Bright Side of the Moon - What started out as a local mind-control scheme has grown to global proportions, and Sam &amp;amp; Max are off to the moon to save the entire planet from a lifetime of hypnotic enslavement. But when chaos collides with tranquility, have the Freelance Police finally met their match?","He's the most ancient and powerful opponent they've ever faced, a hairy, bloated, pagan God - Santa Claus! With Christmas presents on the attack and carols of gunshots drowning out the bells, Sam &amp;amp; Max must storm the North Pole to bring down a less-than-jolly foe.",A surprise trip to the tropics turns into a working vacation when Sam &amp;amp; Max sign up to stop a massive volcano eruption. Will their special blend of bewildering wit and renegade justice be enough to win over the gods? (Not to mention the locals?,Zombie attack! Droves of undead are converging in the streets. Now Sam &amp;amp; Max must confront their leader - a Eurotrash vampire with a style all his own. Are the Freelance Police cool enough to outsmart this emo before his flesh-eating army usurps the western world?,"Bosco's vanished from the face of the Earth - literally! When Sam &amp;amp; Max manage to track him down, what they find is so mind boggling, you'll have to see it to believe it. Can the Freelance Police set things right, or will life as they know it fall victim to the capricious whims of T-H-E-M?","Judgment day is at hand, and its time for a showdown with the guy downstairs to bargain for Bosco's soul. But in the corporate wasteland known as Hell, not even the Freelance Police are safe from eternal damnation. Can Sam &amp;amp; Max fight free from Satan's grasp, or have they reached the end of the line?","After an attack by a swarm of locusts leaves Fone Bone lost in the mountains, he sets out to find his cousins, with a little help from a mysterious red dragon, a couple of talking bugs, and a pretty girl named Thorn. But with hungry rat creatures on his tail, will Fone Bone ever make his way back to Boneville?","It's spring fair time and The Great Cow Race is about to begin! Play carnival games. Write love poetry. Outsmart a really big bee. Cheat the locals out of their hard-earned eggs. Bang on some pots and pans. Escape from an angry mob. Oh, and dress up like a cow. (Not necessarily in that order.","Join poker's most outspoken players for a hand of Telltale Texas Hold'em, the card game stacked high with personality. Quips will fly, chips will fall, and you may just end up rolling in the aisles.This is your chance to play in a poker tournament against four characters of such lethal absurdity, you'll either die laughing or die trying.",Enjoy Strong Bad's wacky comedic adventures over 5 full episodes!,,,,,"Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved is a old school style shooter, but remixed for the 21st century with next generation graphics and deep, modern gameplay. Playing is simple: you are a geometric &amp;quot;ship&amp;quot; trapped in a grid world, facing off against waves of deadly wanderers, snakes, and repulsars.","EVE Online is a game where history is written by the players in a universe of unrivaled beauty, depth and opportunity. Become one with your ship and embark on a story of industry, exploration and conquest as you weave your legend into the fabric of New Eden.","UpdateSimBin Studios expands the hit racing game, RACE 07 with the Andy Priaulx Crowne Plaza Raceway free add-on. Free for owners of RACE 07, this add-on features a brand new island track and new cars from triple World Champion Andy Priaulx in his BMW 320si WTCC and Fabrizio Giovanardi in his Vauxhall Vectra VXR.Real Cars, Real Racing...",The RACE On expansion includes all the cars and circuits from the epic WTCC 2008 season. It also adds a massive selection of US Muscle cars and circuits to the...,"Blue skies and white beaches frame the mystical Andy Priaulx Crowne Plaza Raceway, a unique challenge even for a World Champion. Designed to challenge the best, the island track weaves its way past palm trees and luxury hotels. Can YOU master it?","49 unique cars in 12 classes – over 500 combinations.The most beautiful GT’s. Extreme versions of the already spectacular World Touring Cars. Exclusive road cars from prestigious brands.You will find that and much more in GTR Evolution, including the legendary Nürburgring Nordschleife, the fabled 22,8km long racetrack in Germany.","STCC The Game is the official game of “STCC - Swedish Touring Car Championship”, the largest and most prestigious motorsport championship in Scandinavia.The game includes all cars and tracks from the 2008 season; seven Swedish and Norwegian tracks like Mantorp Park, Knutstorp Ring, Våler Track and the world exclusive city racetrack Eco...","STCC The Game is the official game of “STCC - Swedish Touring Car Championship”, the largest and most prestigious motorsport championship in Scandinavia.The game includes all cars and tracks from the 2008 season; seven Swedish and Norwegian tracks like Mantorp Park, Knutstorp Ring, Våler Track and the world exclusive city racetrack Eco...","49 unique cars in 12 classes – over 500 combinations.The most beautiful GT’s. Extreme versions of the already spectacular World Touring Cars. Exclusive road cars from prestigious brands.You will find that and much more in GTR Evolution, including the legendary Nürburgring Nordschleife, the fabled 22,8km long racetrack in Germany.",The RACE On expansion includes all the cars and circuits from the epic WTCC 2008 season. It also adds a massive selection of US Muscle cars and circuits to the...,The Game That Revolutionized the Racing Genre.,Sid Meier's Civilization IV®: Beyond the Sword is the second expansion pack for Civilization IV - the 2005 PC Game of the Year that has become a worldwide hit. The expansion focuses on the time periods after the invention of gunpowder and delivers 11 unique and challenging scenarios created by the development team at Firaxis as well as...,Sid Meier's Civilization IV®: Beyond the Sword is the second expansion pack for Civilization IV - the 2005 PC Game of the Year that has become a worldwide hit. The expansion focuses on the time periods after the invention of gunpowder and delivers 11 unique and challenging scenarios created by the development team at Firaxis as well as...,"Set approximately 10 years after the events of the original BioShock, the halls of Rapture once again echo with sins of the past. Along the Atlantic coastline, a monster has been snatching little girls and bringing them back to the undersea city of Rapture.","Indebted to the wrong people, with his life on the line, veteran of the U.S. Cavalry and now hired gun, Booker DeWitt has only one opportunity to wipe his slate clean. He must rescue Elizabeth, a mysterious girl imprisoned since childhood and locked up in the flying city of Columbia.","From a distant corner of the galaxy, an evil alien race sets in motion a sinister plan to conquer the Earth. They unleash a powerful catalyst — Energy X — that imbues the planet's worst miscreants with super-powers to bring the planet to its knees. Now Earth's only hope lies with a new breed of heroes... The Freedom Force!","Freedom is threatened yet again and only Minute Man and his heroic Freedom Force can save the day in the follow up to one of the most critically acclaimed games of 2002. Freedom Force vs. the Third Reich brings dynamic storytelling, fast-paced tactical role-play, and larger-than-life characters from the comic book pages to the computer...","From a distant corner of the galaxy, an evil alien race sets in motion a sinister plan to conquer the Earth. They unleash a powerful catalyst — Energy X — that imbues the planet's worst miscreants with super-powers to bring the planet to its knees. Now Earth's only hope lies with a new breed of heroes... The Freedom Force!","Freedom is threatened yet again and only Minute Man and his heroic Freedom Force can save the day in the follow up to one of the most critically acclaimed games of 2002. Freedom Force vs. the Third Reich brings dynamic storytelling, fast-paced tactical role-play, and larger-than-life characters from the comic book pages to the computer...","Create, discover, and download new player-created maps, scenarios, interfaces, and more!","Axel and Pixel are trapped in a beautiful but dangerous dream world. If they plan to get out they must solve its mysteries. Drawn by hand and rendered in full high-definition, Axel &amp; Pixel is a unique journey through an artist's dream.","Lock, Load, &amp;amp; Face the MadnessGet ready for the mind blowing insanity! Play as one of four trigger-happy mercenaries and take out everything that stands in your way!With its addictive action, frantic first-person shooter combat, massive arsenal of weaponry, RPG elements and four-player co-op*, Borderlands is a breakthrough experience...","Lock, Load, &amp;amp; Face the MadnessGet ready for the mind blowing insanity! Play as one of four trigger-happy mercenaries and take out everything that stands in your way!With its addictive action, frantic first-person shooter combat, massive arsenal of weaponry, RPG elements and four-player co-op*, Borderlands is a breakthrough experience...","It's World War II and you are B.J. Blazkowicz, the Allies' most valuable agent. In the midst of the German Blitzkrieg, the Spear that pierced the side of Christ is taken from Versailles by the Nazis and secured in the impregnable Castle Wolfenstein. According to legend, no man can be defeated when he has the Spear.","World War II rages and nations fall. SS head Himmler has Hitler's full backing to twist science and the occult into an army capable of annihilating the Allies once and for all. Battling alone, you're on an intense mission to pierce the black heart of the Third Reich and stop Himmler -- or die trying.","TWO NEW EPISODES. SIXTEEN NEW LEVELS. ONE WAY OUT. Your journey has led you down a path of no return. The acrid smell of death fills the air. And you know the road ahead may lead to your grave. But Quake, with his insidious, apocalyptic plans, must be crushed. If you fail, evil will shroud the universe for all eternity.","After defeating Shub-Niggurath, you arrive back at your home base on Earth, but it's not all blue skies and butterflies. Apparently, not all QUAKE forces have been subdued. Chaos ensues as you blast your way through the QUAKE minions and toward the infested gateway. Your only choice is to find the source of evil and shut it down.","A massive demonic invasion has overwhelmed the Union Aerospace Corporation's (UAC) Mars Research Facility, leaving only chaos and horror in its wake. As one of only a few survivors, you must fight your way to hell and back against a horde of evil monsters.","The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse lurk in the shadows before you. They are Death, Pestilence, Famine, and War. They are the root of all that is evil. They are the least of your worries. The last know Serpent Rider, Eidolon, lives.","The gripping expansion pack for DOOM 3 takes your even further into the the DOOM universe. Two years following the unexplained disaster on Mars, the UAC returns to the abandoned facility to investigate a mysterious beacon buried deep in the ruins of the ancient civilization.","Welcome to the Arena, where high-ranking warriors are transformed into spineless mush. Abandoning every ounce of common sense and any trace of doubt, you lunge onto a stage of harrowing landscapes and veiled abysses.","Never before have the forces aligned. United by name and by cause, The Fallen, Pagans, Crusaders, Intruders, and Stroggs must channel their power into an allied operation where teamwork is the only method of mass destruction. Four distinct games test each troop's synthesis and strength to exacting degrees.","The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse lurk in the shadows before you. They are Death, Pestilence, Famine, and War. They are the root of all that is evil. They are the least of your worries. The last know Serpent Rider, Eidolon, lives.","Shortly after landing on an alien surface, you learn that hundreds of your men have been reduced to just a few. Now you must fight your way through heavily fortified military installations, lower the city's defenses and shut down the enemy's war machine. Only then will the fate of humanity be known.","Introducing the Master Levels for DOOM II. Twenty never-before-seen levels all with the same acid drenched, hell spawned horror of the originals. Each was created by independent designers and supervised by the demented minds of id Software. You might as well forget about seeing the light of day ever again.","Commander Keen: Invasion of the Vorticons: Episode 1: Marooned on Mars (Dec. 14th 1990) Episode 2: The Earth Explodes (1991) Episode 3: Keen Must Die! (1991) Commander Keen's very first adventure, and the debut of id's groundbreaking side-scrolling technology.","Powered by id’s revolutionary id Tech® 5 technology, RAGE is an intense first-person shooter with breakneck vehicle combat, an expansive world to explore, and jaw-dropping graphics!","Delivering a visceral WWII gaming experience, Company of Heroes redefines real time strategy gaming by bringing the sacrifice of heroic soldiers, war-ravaged environments, and dynamic battlefields to life.","This expansion adds all-new units and strategies to the exciting gameplay offered by Dawn of War. The Imperial Guard brings new weaponry, including heavy armor, new troop units as well as defensive and ranged tactics overwhelming numbers. Coupled with new abilities, this fighting force is as lethal as they come.","Prepare yourself for the grim, dark future of the 41st millennium, where alien races battle mankind for galactic domination in a universe of unending war. Personalize your armies with a revolutionary unit customization tool that gives you the ability to choose your armies insignias, banners, squad colors and names.","Prepare yourself for the grim, dark future of the 41st millennium, where alien races battle mankind for galactic domination in a universe of unending war. Personalize your armies with a revolutionary unit customization tool that gives you the ability to choose your armies insignias, banners, squad colors and names.","The next chapter in the #1 rated RTS franchise thrusts players into a hellish war torn landscape to command two battle-hardened armies in relentless campaigns for honor and country. Players lead the tenacious British 2nd Army during the heroic World War II liberation of Caen, France, and command the German Panzer Elite as they struggle...","For a thousand years, three opposing forces have waged war for what they believe is true. There can be no room for compromise: their way is the only way. Dubbed The Infinite War, this devastating conflict has taken its toll on a once-peaceful galaxy and has only served to deepen the hatred between the factions.","The last days of man are at hand.. Two years after the Infinite War the once great warring nations now lie in ruins, and humanity’s hope for a brighter future is nothing but a bitter memory. A new, seemingly unstoppable enemy, supported by the zealots of The Order, now seeks to eradicate mankind: UEF, Aeon Loyalist, and Cybran alike.","The third and final expansion to the genre-defining and critically-acclaimed RTS, Dawn of War. In Soulstorm, two new armies are introduced – Sisters of Battle and Dark Eldar - raising the total number of playable armies to nine.","The third and final expansion to the genre-defining and critically-acclaimed RTS, Dawn of War. In Soulstorm, two new armies are introduced – Sisters of Battle and Dark Eldar - raising the total number of playable armies to nine.","Frontlines™: Fuel of War™ is an open-world First Person Shooter set on the frontlines of tomorrow. In a world ravaged by a global energy crisis, environmental decay, and economic depression, players assume the role of an elite soldier in the Western Coalition Army on an epic crusade against the Red Star Alliance to control the last of...","Saints Row 2 brings true freedom to open-world gaming. Players can play as who they want, how they want, and with whomever they want in this sequel to the much acclaimed and tremendously successful Saints Row.","Gish isn't your average hero. In fact, he's not your average anything...you see, Gish is a ball of tar. A Sunday stroll with his lady friend, Brea, goes awry when a shadowy figure emerges from an open manhole and pulls Brea below ground.","Gish isn't your average hero. In fact, he's not your average anything...you see, Gish is a ball of tar. A Sunday stroll with his lady friend, Brea, goes awry when a shadowy figure emerges from an open manhole and pulls Brea below ground.","Desperados 2 is the sequel to the successful wild west title Desperados - Wanted Dead or Alive. The gameplay is based on its predecessor but with brand new tactical possibilities in a beautiful 3D environment. Switch from an isometric view to a third person view whenever you want; for example, for duels, brawls and shoot-outs.","Here's your chance to make it big in the Big Apple... New York City, the city that never sleeps! Go for broke building your own Manhattan empire, creating and customizing over 100 types of major businesses: run a hot nightclub, oversee a media conglomerate, open a lucrative Broadway theater - the choices are endless.","The highly anticipated sequel to the critically acclaimed game Act of War: Direct Action picks up where the techno-thriller left off. On the eve of the U.S. Presidential elections, simultaneous terrorist attacks hit both candidates. Clues point to corrupt elements within the U.S.","Smersh is Russian for &amp;quot;Death to Spies&amp;quot; and was the name of a set of counterintelligence agencies formed in the Soviet Army during World War II. Their mission was to secure the rear of the active Red Army by arresting traitors, deserters, spies and criminal cells.","Tempelhof, Berlin, dawn of 8th April 1949.A major armed conflict is brewing between the Western powers and the Soviet bloc. The Red Army has been growing ever stronger since the end of World War II. With the growth of their army the Soviets realize that they hold the advantage, and are only waiting for the right moment to attack.","Grab your cape and defend Millennium City in this comic book-style action MMORPG! Design your hero and costume from thousands of costume pieces, face super-villains like Dr. Destroyer, and create your own unique nemesis.","In Star Trek Online, the Star Trek universe appears for the first time on a truly massive scale. Players take the captain's chair as they command their own starship and crew. Explore strange new worlds, seek out new life and new civilizations, and boldly go where no one has gone before.","Test Drive Unlimited 2 transforms the driving genre, adding the persistency, progression and customization of the latest multiplayer games to the auto racing experience. Test Drive Unlimited 2 blends single player and multiplayer experiences seamlessly, creating a dynamic world of evolving content and challenges.","In Blade Kitten, join Kit Ballard as she explores the mysterious world of Hollow Wish to hunt down rogue mechs and soft targets.","In Blade Kitten, join Kit Ballard as she explores the mysterious world of Hollow Wish to hunt down rogue mechs and soft targets.","Dare to be scared! After 30 years, Atari's classic groundbreaking game is back - with all-new scream-worthy chills and thrills!",Engage in epic dogfights and aerial assaults against the onslaught of the evil Zylons.,"The UnderGarden is a casual Zen game that challenges players to explore beautiful underground caverns filled with strange life forms, sound, music and plenty of hidden secrets. Casual gamers with an affinity towards puzzle games will enjoy The UnderGarden’s modern exploration quest filled with brain teasing games that combine state of...","Ghostbusters: Sanctum of Slime Challenge Pack brings hours of a new single player experience to this ghost-hunting adventure. With all-new two game modes, Lonely Hero and Arcade Challenge, you won't put the controller down!","Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced.","Seven classic games in one collection. Celebrate the golden age of adventure games all over again with the return of King's Quest.The bravest knight in all of Daventry, Sir Graham, is appointed by the dying king to embark on a Quest for the Crown.","Experience a blast from the past with the complete, completely twisted Space Quest Collection.","3, 2, 1 Blast-Off! Launch yourself into the intense space-shooter Aces of the Galaxy&amp;trade; &amp;#151; A non-stop, old-school arcade thrill-ride for the 21st century and beyond. Utilize an impressive arsenal of upgradeable weapons including high powered missile launchers, devastating torpedoes and the ever-reliant chain gun to annihilate the...","Master time to become the ultimate weapon! Dr. Aiden Krone has made a Time Jump across the space-time continuum - a reckless act with frightening consequences. Now, a disturbing alternate reality has evolved within the bleak and rain-soaked Alpha District.","Whether you're a seasoned player or just a beginner, get ready to tee off for a quick and fun match with four animated stylish characters. Putt your way through 36 fun-filled holes of minigolf on 3D designed courses with elevated greens, bunkers, bridges and water hazards, among other crazy obstacles.","You are the Prototype, Alex Mercer, a man without memory armed with amazing shape-shifting abilities, hunting your way to the heart of the conspiracy which created you; making those responsible pay. Fast &amp;amp; Deadly Shape-Shifting Combat: Reconfigure your body to the situation at hand.","Wolfenstein takes players deep into the heart of the Reich, where experiments with a dark force known as the Black Sun threaten to embolden the Nazis with unimaginable powers. There's only one man for a job of this magnitude: special agent B.J. Blazkowicz!","The most-anticipated game of the year and the sequel to the best-selling first-person action game of all time, Modern Warfare 2 continues the gripping and heart-racing action as players face off against a new threat dedicated to bringing the world to the brink of collapse.","The most-anticipated game of the year and the sequel to the best-selling first-person action game of all time, Modern Warfare 2 continues the gripping and heart-racing action as players face off against a new threat dedicated to bringing the world to the brink of collapse.","5 additional action-packed multiplayer maps, including brand-new battlegrounds and legendary fan-favorites from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare","The best-selling first-person action game of all time gets even bigger with more epic new multiplayer content! The Modern Warfare 2 Resurgence Pack delivers five incredible new multiplayer maps. Take the action to exciting new locations, then battle across legendary landscapes from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare.","Good or Insane? The choice is yours. Following the Apocalyptic end to the Postal Dude’s week in Paradise, we follow him and his insane pitbull Champ as they emigrate to its appropriately named sister city, Catharsis.","The remote hotel stands atop an ominous snow-peaked mountain, and death permeates every inch of the place. A crime has been committed here obviously, and the remote nature of the retreat means that the culprit is still roaming the halls. Which of the guests is capable of this? Whose past hides sinister truths and who has the most to gain?","Operation Valkyrie is a famous plan of the German Resistance to overthrow the tyrannical Nazi government. Standartenfuhrer Gerhard Mayer, a patriot who works in Reich Security Head Office learns that Gestapo has tracked down the conspirators.","PT Boats is dedicated to a small group of little known but perhaps some of the most daring naval combatants of World War II: the torpedo boat crews. These ships are small, fast and agile, and extremely dangerous due to the on-board torpedo launchers. But they are also the most vulnerable of all military vessels.","“The seas can be dangerous, but when you’re in command of a crack strike boat crew…”. Deadly naval weapon of WWII is back with more campaigns, ore combat aircrafts, ships and even more fascinating gameplay. The original game “PT Boats: Knights of the Sea” has opened a new previously unknown aspect of naval battles in WWII.","A true reincarnation of the legendary series!The Almighty has turned away from Nevendaar and its denizens. He is busy thinking about the fate of the world. Above Nevendaar, rent by perpetual wars, a new star flashed out. What will it bring with it? Who will claim its great power? Immerse in the struggle of four powerful races!","The Club™, created by critically acclaimed developer Bizarre Creations, is a new breed of third-person shooter, combining fast-paced run and gun gameplay, destructive environments, and lethal weapons. You will fight to survive in a shadowy underground blood-sport controlled by a faceless, obscenely wealthy and influential elite who place...","Command the seas, control the land, forge a new nation, and conquer the globe.",Embrace the competitive spirit of the world's most prestigious sporting event and represent your country as you compete for the highest honor - the Gold. The game delivers a far more entertaining and immersive Olympic experience with superior graphics capturing the fine emotional detail of each event where a fraction of a second means...,"A game filled with heavy combat action, fast-paced tactics and decision making, Space Siege is an all-new science fiction themed action-RPG being developed by Chris Taylor and his talented team at Gas Powered Games, the creators of Dungeon Siege I &amp; II and Supreme Commander.","October 5, 2009 - Update The Empire Special Forces units are now available for sale separately as DLC for Empire: Total War. This DLC also includes three additional exclusive units, previously unavailable for sale.","Expand your Empire with downloadable content! The Elite Units of the West Downloadable Content for Empire: Total War™ introduces 14 completely unique brand new units from all the major Western factions. Featuring all new infantry and cavalry units, equipped with the best weapons and having undergone the most rigorous of training, the...","The official Empire: Total War™ Expansion A new detailed North American Campaign Map expands the Empire: Total War experience, with 5 brand new American Indian factions, new units and technologies. Experience battles in the new Warpath Campaign and lead one of the 5 new factions in an epic war to defend your lands and drive out the...","The Elite Units of America Downloadable Content for Empire: Total War™ adds 15 new elite units to the American, British and French factions of Empire: Total War. In the last half of the 18th century, the political upheaval from thirteen of British Colonies in North America ultimately led to the 1776 Declaration of Independence and...",The Elite Units of the East DLC for Empire: Total War™ adds 12 new elite units to the Maratha and Ottoman factions of Empire: Total War. Empire: Total War expands further East than any previous Total War game and this Downloadable Content includes the very best units from the Eastern lands.,"Command the seas, control the land, forge a new nation, and conquer the globe.","Survive, hunt and prey in the deadly jungles and swamps in distinctly new and thrilling first person gameplay.",Bring a whole new dimension to the action and excitement of Aliens vs. Predator with four all-new online maps. Two new Multiplayer maps for six different online modes: Docks: Horror comes from the deep at Weyland-Yutani’s abandoned dockyard.,"Welcome to the killing grounds of BG-386. Prove your skills on four new multiplayer maps spanning jungle swamps, Alien crashsites, industrial complexes and ancient temples. Your environment will be your deadliest enemy - constant rainstorms batter you, fog hides your predators with only a flash of lightning to show the way through.","A fantasy voyage through the great mythologies, Loki allows the player to take on the role of one of the four heroes of the game, each drawn from a different mythology: a mighty Norse fighter, a fierce Greek warrior, a powerful Egyptian magician or an Aztec shaman who masters the secrets of the spirit world.","A free game in the truest sense of the word, TrackMania Nations Forever lets you drive at mind-blowing speeds on fun and spectacular tracks in solo and multiplayer modes.TrackMania Nations Forever offers a new &amp;quot;Forever&amp;quot; version of the Stadium environment, a solid solo mode and 65 brand new, progressively challenging tracks.","This new Sherlock Holmes game sends us to 19th Century London where Arséne Lupin, a young French burglar with an impressive track record, has just challenged Scotland Yard and the most famous of detectives - Sherlock Holmes. This new adventure offers gamers tremendous freedom and an even stronger sense of involvement through real-time 3D.","Dracula: Origin reveals the dark origins of the Dracula curse. Once the ardent defender of Christendom, Dracula loses his faith in God when he is abandoned by his one true love after she marries. Dracula then makes a pact with the Prince of Darkness, and becomes a vampire.","This new Sherlock Holmes game sends us to 19th Century London where Arséne Lupin, a young French burglar with an impressive track record, has just challenged Scotland Yard and the most famous of detectives - Sherlock Holmes. This new adventure offers gamers tremendous freedom and an even stronger sense of involvement through real-time 3D.","Dracula: Origin reveals the dark origins of the Dracula curse. Once the ardent defender of Christendom, Dracula loses his faith in God when he is abandoned by his one true love after she marries. Dracula then makes a pact with the Prince of Darkness, and becomes a vampire.","Inspired by The adventures of Sherlock Holmes Written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. After Lord Montcalfe's death, his daughter Elisabeth turns to the famous detective Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery that surrounds her father's death.","The Sherlock Holmes series returns with this updated version of The Awakened, which brings a whole new dimension to the original title developed by Frogwares. Keeping with the traditional Point &amp;amp; Click gameplay style of the original adventure games, The Awakened has been totally rethought, offering players a new third-person view...","At a reception organised in honour of his daughter, Melvyn Bromsby, a rich tycoon, is about to make an important announcement concerning his future business affairs when, all of a sudden, a shot rings out. Sir Bromsby collapses, having suffered a mortal wound to the heart...","Hunker down at your London flat at 221b Baker St. The year is 1896, and Scotland Yard has called Sherlock Holmes with an urgent request for help. A young painter has been found murdered and rolled up in a remarkable Persian carpet.","Recognized as one of the best licenses in adventure gaming and lauded by the international press, Sherlock Holmes is back with an investigation that is sure to be the most horrifying of the series. In this great new adventure, the famous detective chases against the most threatening serial killer England has ever known - Jack the Ripper.","Surviving is only half the game. The award-winning atmosphere and gameplay mechanics of the original Shadowgrounds make a triumphant return in this spin off/sequel armed with a slick new feature set! Shadowgrounds Survivor tells the story of the last remaining humans on Jupiter's moon Ganymede, where the alien onslaught is in full force.","Somewhere in deep space, at an apparently abandoned mining base on the asteriod Alpha Prime, something has gone terribly wrong. Miners were warned that the hubbardium they were mining was too dangerous, but the lure of unimaginable wealth was too strong.","Surviving is only half the game. The award-winning atmosphere and gameplay mechanics of the original Shadowgrounds make a triumphant return in this spin off/sequel armed with a slick new feature set! Shadowgrounds Survivor tells the story of the last remaining humans on Jupiter's moon Ganymede, where the alien onslaught is in full force.","Test your reflexes, judgment and tactics while facing up to eight other players in this follow-up to the critically acclaimed and popular arcade game Gumboy: Crazy Adventures, winner of numerous accolades including Gametunnel's GAME OF THE YEAR 2006.","In the far future, humanity is ruled by The Ministry of Accounts, an oppressive bureaucracy that tracks, records and taxes every transaction of daily life. From the depths of Red Tape, a new breed of marketeer arises to challenge the authority and make a profit: the Space Trader is born!","On December 7, 1941, a major part of the U.S. Pacific navy stationed at Pearl Harbor was assaulted by Japanese planes. Japanese fighters were destroying American aircraft on land and in the air, without giving them a chance for a counterattack. The furious battle of Pearl Harbor became the first in the sequence of gory sea combats.","Pacific Storm: Allies expands upon the success of the internationally acclaimed original to deliver an unforgettable mix of real-time strategy and blistering arcade combat, recreating World War II's most heated battles.","Test your reflexes, judgment and tactics while facing up to eight other players in this follow-up to the critically acclaimed and popular arcade game Gumboy: Crazy Adventures, winner of numerous accolades including Gametunnel's GAME OF THE YEAR 2006.","Penguins Arena is a thrilling and innovative First Penguin Shooter with quick, hectic rounds and where the magic of reincarnation, combined with the supernatural ability to return to the game as a ghost, ensures that your character has every chance to change your tribe's fate, even in the afterlife.","Based on the award-winning mobile game of the same name, Obulis takes things to the next level by fusing highly compelling gameplay with outstanding graphics, music and state of the art physics effects. The goal of Obulis is to drop all of the colored spheres into their like-colored pots.","At the end of 19th Century, dark forces shade the world once again. A brave agent, experienced in exorcism and combat, comes to face the oncoming evil, and fight loathsome supernatural monsters and horrific spawns of black magic.","At the end of 19th Century, dark forces shade the world once again. A brave agent, experienced in exorcism and combat, comes to face the oncoming evil, and fight loathsome supernatural monsters and horrific spawns of black magic.","Chains is a challenging puzzle game with a unique feel and distinctive vector graphics style. The object of the game is simple - to link adjacent bubbles of the same color into chains. As you progress through the physics-driven stages it becomes increasingly more challenging and players' speed, strategy and skill will be put to the test.","From the art and stories of famed graphic novelist and filmmaker Enki Bilal, and the studio created by adventure game legend Benoit Sokal comes Nikopol: Secrets of the Immortals. Set in France in the year 2023, the country is governed by a dictator who rules by religious absolute power.","Solve exciting criminal cases on the mean streets as member of the autobahn police force - or freely explore the open game world while chasing down high-octane racers. Escort politicians, transport precious goods or take down the criminal element with over 500HP and close to 200MPH.","Prepare to be tempted, mesmerized and thrilled, become the Overlord, how corrupt you become depends on how you handle any given situation. Your actions impact the game world. With incredible power at your disposal and a team of evil minded minions to do your evil bidding, how will you resist the temptation to be incredibly despotic?","Prepare to be tempted, mesmerized and thrilled, become the Overlord, how corrupt you become depends on how you handle any given situation. Your actions impact the game world. With incredible power at your disposal and a team of evil minded minions to do your evil bidding, how will you resist the temptation to be incredibly despotic?","The player can take control of American, British, Russian, or German forces to play out battles that are set in World War II. The game is primarily a strategy game, but the player can take control of his or her forces and direct them with the keyboard and mouse for additional depth of control.","In the space of fifty years, Earth changed from a planet on cusp of a challenging future to a world a breath away from lifelessness and plunged into an apocalyptic time of ecological disaster, global warfare and the meltdown of human civilization. This is the time of the Maelstrom.","Develop your own hospital drama and manipulate the results to your best advantage! In charge of a rapidly expanding hospital, your job is to cure the patients with your army of doctors and nurses while successfully managing the facilities and taking care of everyone's needs.","Indulge in the fusion of puzzle, light and music. Experience the addictive puzzle action enhanced with stylish graphics and block-rocking beats. Lumines introduces you to a brand new block-dropping-puzzler experience. As you create 2x2 squares in same color, the vertical time line wipes them away from left to right.","Indulge in the fusion of puzzle, light and music. Experience the addictive puzzle action enhanced with stylish graphics and block-rocking beats. Lumines introduces you to a brand new block-dropping-puzzler experience. As you create 2x2 squares in same color, the vertical time line wipes them away from left to right.",Ready for the next challenge? Prepare yourself for the ultimate LUMINES experience and show us your skills! This exciting pack includes: 21 skins + 2 bonus skins for Challenge Mode 60 mind-bending puzzles to solve in Puzzle Mode 35 stages of quick-thinking and fast-moving in Mission...,"Welcome to Liberty City. Where it all began. With stellar voice acting, a darkly comic storyline, a stunning soundtrack and revolutionary open-world gameplay, Grand Theft Auto III is the game that defined the open world genre for a generation.","Welcome to Vice City. Welcome to the 1980s. From the decade of big hair, excess and pastel suits comes a story of one man's rise to the top of the criminal pile.","Five years ago Carl Johnson escaped from the pressures of life in Los Santos, San Andreas... a city tearing itself apart with gang trouble, drugs and corruption. Where filmstars and millionaires do their best to avoid the dealers and gangbangers. Now, it's the early 90s. Carl's got to go home.","You awake to the sound of your own panicked breath. In Manhunt, you must run, hide and fight to survive. If you can stay alive long enough, you may find out who did this to you. This is a brutal blood sport.","Max Payne is a man with nothing to lose in the violent, cold urban night. A fugitive undercover cop framed for murder, hunted by cops and the mob, Max is a man with his back against the wall, fighting a battle he cannot hope to win.","Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne is a violent, film-noir love story. Dark, tragic and intense, the in-depth story is a thrill-ride of shocking twists and revelations. Love hurts.","The world's most notorious drivers meet each night on the streets of LA, Paris, and Tokyo. Choose from a collection of performance-enhanced cars or bikes and compete head-to-head to make a name for yourself. There are no rules. Drive anywhere in the city. Find the fastest route to win.",Drive dozens of varied vehicles around three of America's toughest cities. Only the best will be able to tame the fastest cars. Only the smartest will know all the short-cuts and the whereabouts of the hottest wheels. Only the toughest will be able to take on the world and finish the job like a professional...,"Grand Theft Auto is back. The cars are faster. The streets are busier. The bad guys are nastier. The police are angrier. And now, the FBI and the Army are getting involved... Seven ruthless gangs are involved in a ruthless power struggle and it is up to you to make a name for yourself. Respect is earned, not given.","Bully tells the story of mischievous 15-year-old Jimmy Hopkins as he goes through the hilarity and awkwardness of adolescence. Beat the jocks at dodge ball, play pranks on the preppies, save the nerds, kiss the girl and navigate the social hierarchy in the worst school around.","What does the American dream mean today? For Niko Bellic fresh off the boat from Europe, it is the hope he can escape from his past. For his cousin, Roman, it is the vision that together they can find fortune in Liberty City, gateway to the land of opportunity.",Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City includes both The Lost and Damned and The Ballad of Gay Tony together and does not require a copy of the original Grand Theft Auto IV to play.,"Welcome to Vice City. Welcome to the 1980s. From the decade of big hair, excess and pastel suits comes a story of one man's rise to the top of the criminal pile.","The World Union is labeled the 'perfect society'. Prosperity is a science, disease and wars have vanished, sex is entertainment, and the future has never looked brighter. Suddenly this perfect society is rocked by the murder of a World Union citizen in the 'Rogue State' of Russia.",A shadow of evil has fallen on the kingdom of Ancaria. It is a time for champions - a time to journey into the perilous world of SACRED. Battle blood-thirsty orcs &amp;amp; lumbering ogres... Destroy undead wizards &amp;amp; rotting mummies... Slay hellish demons &amp;amp; legendary dragons.,"Darkstar One offers a fantastic amount of freedom of choice. The story-based missions gradually lead you deeper into the galaxy to new races, new technologies and ever stronger opponents. Explore a vast array of solar systems in search of hidden artifacts of ancient races, essential objects for upgrading your ship--the Darkstar One.","Colonial England. Under a certain amount of duress... Jack takes on a job, which will not only cause him a great deal of trouble, but also bring to light the answer to a mystery out of his distant past. A lack of money leads Jack to accept a charter to take a British secret agent to mysterious 'Tooth Island'.","FlatOut Ultimate Carnage lifts destruction racing to a whole new level of bone-breaking slaughter. FlatOut Ultimate Carnage is arcade destruction racing at its best and most extreme with real world physics, three different game modes and offering players a wide variety of online and offline multiplayer options.","The small country of Arulco has been taken over by a merciless dictator - and only you can loosen the iron grip! Jagged Alliance 2 Gold Pack immerses you into an elaborate role-playing universe where you will interact with more than 150 characters, recruit your own band of soldiers and create your own custom mercenary to win back Arulco...","The small country of Arulco has been taken over by a merciless dictator - and only you can loosen the iron grip! Jagged Alliance 2 Gold Pack immerses you into an elaborate role-playing universe where you will interact with more than 150 characters, recruit your own band of soldiers and create your own custom mercenary to win back Arulco...","The Intelligence Agency has commissioned you, Francis Rixon, to find out what is happening inside the Corporation's confines and to retrieve information about a secret mineral upon which the very existence of the human race may depend.","Perimeter 2: New Earth is the long-awaited sequel of the critically acclaimed RTS Perimeter. Ideas of territorial gameplay and landscape modification, introduced in the original game, are now realized on a new concept &amp; technology level.","Big Score is based around a classic story of police vs. criminals in a fight for a big score. The fantastic action will leave you breathless and will pump-up your adrenaline while you are rescuing your ball, trying to hit that last glowing target.",This time he will not fail. This time Osiris will show the world of humans what he's made of. But the ankh alone is not enough - not as long as he hasn't found the most important part of his body: his heart. Life has not been kind to Assil. Only three weeks ago he managed to ward off his death curse.,"The omens of the Battle of the Gods have been many, signaling the impending fight for supremacy over all other gods of Egypt. And of course, Assil will be caught in the middle of it all again. Together with his girlfriend Thara, he will have to prevent the sinister Seth from winning the battle and subjecting Egypt to his regime of terror.","BC Kings features several new elements not commonly found in strategy games. In addition to gathering resources, training an army and defeating the enemy, you will have to solve adventure and role-playing elements as well. The campaign is built around the epic story of the brave hero Mradin, and his trusty old friend Giesnik.","The Caribbean in the 17th Century - Trade with over 60 towns, create your own production facilities, expand your trading empire and influence the development of the New World. As pirates and military fleets threaten your trade convoys, you'll need escort ships.",9th Company Roots of Terror is an action-oriented real-time strategy game based on actual events that took place during the Soviet military campaign in Afghanistan. 9th Company follows the story of a ragged band of young recruits undergoing brutal training in Uzbekistan’s Fergana Valley and culminates with a bloody stand against the...,"PuzzleQuest: Challenge of the Warlords delivers, for the first time ever, classic puzzle-game action backed with an epic story of good vs. evil. Challenge your match 3 skills as you battle against computer opponents to save the Kingdom of Etheria from the evil Lord Bane.","Crack that Whip! Take reigns of a privately run prison. You are responsible for the care, custody, and control of individuals who have been arrested. Begin with a low security prison and build it up to a SuperMax. From construction to daily operations, you must protect society while turning a profit. It's time for lockdown.",Your American Dream Starts Behind the Wheel of Your Own Big Rig! North America's open roads await! You ain't working for the Man any more! You're the owner of your own trucking business and you call the shots. Build your empire one rig at a time to dominate the roadways and outbid the competition. Can you handle the pressure?,The Ultimate PC Hunting Experience Is Back...Bigger and Better Than Ever! Jump Right Into the Action with Hunting Unlimited 2008™! Get up close and personal with the big game you seek. Gone are the endless hours of empty forests and unused shots. The search for the elusive prized trophy has never been more action packed or more realistic.,"Organized crime is taking over Metro City. As a detective in the 83rd precinct you must use your Mahjongg skills to unearth clues and bring the criminals to justice. Don Diamante, the city's undisputed godfather, must be located and brought in. Collect and match evidence tiles to pinpoint perpetrators.","Are you ready to build the Greatest Midway on Earth? Summer nights, flashing lights, stomach churning rides, girls and guys all combine to make the perfect carnival. Attract them, thrill them, feed them, frighten them, and leave them yearning for more! Run your own traveling carnival.","Welcome to the world of HotDish, where knowing your way around the kitchen is a recipe for success! Build your career one dish at a time as you start at the bottom of the culinary ladder as a line cook in a local Italian restaurant with dreams of one day becoming a world class 5 Star French chef.","The Doctor is In! Dr. Daisy has just graduated from veterinary school and needs to complete 5 rotations to finish her residency. Help her diagnose and heal needy animals in this madcap dash classic. From the local veterinary clinic to a sea park all the way to a big city zoo, Daisy needs to keep her ailing friends happy and healthy.","Buckle up. You're going for a ride. Race at speeds over 140 MPH on dirt, on the proving grounds for today's top professional drivers. Shoulder to shoulder sprint car racing makes for spectacular crashes, and white-knuckle driving. Start out as a small town star and work your way up through the ranks to become a national legend.","Push Every Boundary...of Your Car and of the Law. Enter an explosive world where nitrous erupts and rubber burns. You live your life one race at a time and from midnight to dawn, the adrenaline is on. Feel the raw power of your super-charged engine as you punch the accelerator for cash and hard-won respect.","Become immersed in the fantastic world of Aris  a world populated by Orcs, Elves, Dwarfs and Humans. Complete more than 30 challenging quests to find the three parts of the Hand of God amulet and save Aris from impending doom.",Drakensang is a third-person party-based RPG based on the pen &amp;amp; paper role-play rules of The Dark Eye. Drakensang is the first PC game for over 10 years to be based on Germany's most successful and popular role-play system. Drakensang builds on the pen &amp;amp; paper rules as applied in version 4.0.,Do you have what it takes to design a fancy frock or a fashion flop? Compete in creative challenges for the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to show your creations in a major runway event and become the ultimate fashion designer. Will you be asked to stay or leave Mission: Runway? Take on the fashion challenge?,"Get the Shot. Get the Game. Experience fast-paced hunting action in pursuit of the biggest trophy bucks throughout North America, Canada and Now the Bavarian Forest! Wilderness Madness! Free Hunt Mode drops you right in the action with game a plenty, or for exacting hunting adventures try Challenge Mode. Calling All Predators.","How evil can you get? Discover how corruptible you are in Overlord, the twisted fantasy action adventure where you can be evil (or really evil). In the game's seriously warped fantasy world, players will become the Overlord and get first-hand experience of how absolute power corrupts absolutely.","As the King of Iolcus, Jason had everythinga prosperous kingdom, the respect of his peers, and a beautiful fiancé. When she was killed on their wedding day, he vowed to do anything to restore her life. Now, in order to accomplish this heroic feat Jason must seek out the Golden Fleece -- and with the help of Greek mythology's greatest...","Evolving the shooter genre with its unique and exhilarating combination of fluid action and combat, Damnation features huge, open environments, frenetic combat, daredevil acrobatics and high-octane vehicle-based stunts.","Overlord II, sequel to the critically acclaimed cult hit, sees the return of the chaotic Minions and their new Dark Master. Bigger, badder and more beautifully destructive, Overlord 2 has a Glorious Empire to smash, a massive Netherworld to revive, Minion mounts to mobilize, a trio of mistresses to woo, War Machines to crush opposition...","Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced.","Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced.","Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced.","Classic side-scrolling gameplay is reporting back for duty with Bionic Commando Rearmed, a remake of the classic NES game, out now on PC. 20 years after the 8-bit classic was released, Bionic Commando Rearmed recreates the world of the original with a complete &amp;quot;2.5D&amp;quot; visual revamp.","Wolfenstein takes players deep into the heart of the Reich, where experiments with a dark force known as the Black Sun threaten to embolden the Nazis with unimaginable powers. There's only one man for a job of this magnitude: special agent B.J. Blazkowicz!","Lock, Load, &amp;amp; Face the MadnessGet ready for the mind blowing insanity! Play as one of four trigger-happy mercenaries and take out everything that stands in your way!With its addictive action, frantic first-person shooter combat, massive arsenal of weaponry, RPG elements and four-player co-op*, Borderlands is a breakthrough experience...","Lock, Load, &amp;amp; Face the MadnessGet ready for the mind blowing insanity! Play as one of four trigger-happy mercenaries and take out everything that stands in your way!With its addictive action, frantic first-person shooter combat, massive arsenal of weaponry, RPG elements and four-player co-op*, Borderlands is a breakthrough experience...","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!",Lead and Gold: Gangs of the Wild West is a third-person shooter that delivers an intense team-based multiplayer experience. Relive the violent era of the Wild West with adrenaline-fueled action and fast-paced gunfights. Engage in gritty battles in beautifully rendered classic Western settings.,Lead and Gold: Gangs of the Wild West is a third-person shooter that delivers an intense team-based multiplayer experience. Relive the violent era of the Wild West with adrenaline-fueled action and fast-paced gunfights. Engage in gritty battles in beautifully rendered classic Western settings.,Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City includes both The Lost and Damned and The Ballad of Gay Tony together and does not require a copy of the original Grand Theft Auto IV to play.,Experience the original F.E.A.R. along with F.E.A.R. Extraction Point and F.E.A.R. Perseus Mandate. Available Now!,Experience the original F.E.A.R. along with F.E.A.R. Extraction Point and F.E.A.R. Perseus Mandate. Available Now!,"Three years after the conflict in Chernarus, portrayed in the original Arma 2, a new flashpoint explodes in the Green Sea Region. Coalition forces led by the US Army are deployed to Takistan to quickly restore peace and prevent further civilian casualties.",Welcome to Vegas. New Vegas. Enjoy your stay!,"Red Faction: Armageddon Path to War includes 4 new missions, 2 unlockable items and 10 new achievements!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Three years after the conflict in Chernarus, portrayed in the original Arma 2, a new flashpoint explodes in the Green Sea Region. Coalition forces led by the US Army are deployed to Takistan to quickly restore peace and prevent further civilian casualties.",Mafia III Announced - Coming October 7th 2016...,Mafia III Announced - Coming October 7th 2016...,"Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!",The biggest first-person action series of all time and the follow-up to critically acclaimed Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare 2 returns with Call of Duty®: Black Ops.,The biggest first-person action series of all time and the follow-up to critically acclaimed Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare 2 returns with Call of Duty®: Black Ops.,"Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","You are the leader of an elite squad of Republic Commandos, your mission is to infiltrate, dominate, and ultimately, annihilate the enemy. Your squad will follow your orders and your lead, working together as a team - instinctively, intelligently, instantly. You are their leader. They are your weapon.",The Man With The Hat Is Back In His Greatest Adventure Yet! 1939 - The eve of World War II. Nazi agents are about to get their hands on a weapon more dangerous than the atom bomb. Only Indy can stop them before they unleash the deadly secret that sank Atlantis.,Forge your weapon and follow the path of the Jedi Jedi Knight: Jedi Academy is the latest installment of the highly acclaimed Jedi Knight series. Take on the role of a new student eager to learn the ways of the Force from Jedi Master Luke Skywalker.,The Legacy of Star Wars Dark Forces™ and Star Wars® Jedi Knight lives on in the intense first-person action of Jedi Outcast.,"An asteroid the size of a small moon is on a crash course toward Earth. Once the wayward asteroid is nuked into a safe orbit, a trio conducts a routine examination of the rocky surface. What they uncover is anything but routine.","Join the rise of Darth Vader’s elite 501st Legion of Stormtroopers as you fight through an all new story-based saga where every action you take impacts the battlefront and, ultimately, the fate of the Star Wars galaxy.","Thrillville™: Off the Rails lives up to its name with 20 death-defying rides! Players can build incredible coasters to leap from one track to another, launch through the air like cannonballs, blast through a burning rings of fire and more!","Meet the Lionhearts. A smack-talking rag-tag band of rebels on an impossible quest. If they can make it through an army of psychotic robots and wall-smashing Goliaths, they just might save the world... if they don't burn it down first.","Shank is the cult-classic revival of the sidescrolling beat-em-up. Play as Shank in an over-the-top grindhouse game, packed to the rim with enemies, bosses, combos, and more by the award-winning team at Klei Entertainment.","Shank is the cult-classic revival of the sidescrolling beat-em-up. Play as Shank in an over-the-top grindhouse game, packed to the rim with enemies, bosses, combos, and more by the award-winning team at Klei Entertainment.","Shank is the cult-classic revival of the sidescrolling beat-em-up. Play as Shank in an over-the-top grindhouse game, packed to the rim with enemies, bosses, combos, and more by the award-winning team at Klei Entertainment.","Grim spectres, howling banshees, and sly gremlins are yours to command as you unleash ghastly spirits on the town of Gravenville and scare the wits out of its citizens. In the world of the Ghost Master, spooks do your bidding, as you solve puzzles and unlock mysteries in a challenge that combines the best of strategy, adventure, and...","Develop a state-of-the art Las Vegas resort complex, using all the money and management skill you can. Customers on the living, breathing Las Vegas boulevard are Notoriously hard to satisfy - can you win the hearts and wallets of Vegas? Amazing real-time 3D graphics show off your resort to the max.","FlatOut is adrenaline-filled muscle car racing game packed with explosive physics, spectacular effects and graphics, innovative game play mechanics and good old fun! Eight players or AI cars on track for close pack racing Single player Career, Quick race and Time trial modes Multiplayer mayhem with up to 8 players 16 different fully...","FlatOut is adrenaline-filled muscle car racing game packed with explosive physics, spectacular effects and graphics, innovative game play mechanics and good old fun! Eight players or AI cars on track for close pack racing Single player Career, Quick race and Time trial modes Multiplayer mayhem with up to 8 players 16 different fully...","Making History&amp;reg; delivers the open-ended gameplay of strategy-game classics, but with compelling new economic, military, and diplomatic systems and deep research that lets you play with real historical challenges.","Making History&amp;reg; delivers the open-ended gameplay of strategy-game classics, but with compelling new economic, military, and diplomatic systems and deep research that lets you play with real historical challenges.","Feel the rush of motorcycle racing with Ducati World Championship. Select your machine from over 70 original Ducati models, perfectly simulated replicas of the real thing. With Ducati World Championship you don't have to settle on one model - you can have them all!","Dreamfall: The Longest Journey, winner of multiple E3 awards as the best game in its genre, is the continuation of a saga that began in the award-winning The Longest Journey, considered to be one of the finest adventure games ever made.","The Longest Journey is an amazing graphical adventure, where the player controls the protagonist, April Ryan, on her journey between parallel universes. Embark on an exciting and original journey of discovery, where you will explore, solve puzzles, meet new people, face terrifying monsters, learn, grow, and live the adventure of a...","The Longest Journey is an amazing graphical adventure, where the player controls the protagonist, April Ryan, on her journey between parallel universes. Embark on an exciting and original journey of discovery, where you will explore, solve puzzles, meet new people, face terrifying monsters, learn, grow, and live the adventure of a...","Bloodline Champions is a Free-to-Play online PvP Arena game where players engage in short, intense battles of up to ten players divided into two teams. Each player takes control over one of several bloodlines, each with their own unique weapons and abilities. Easy to learn, challenging to master.","Joint Task Force is the real-time strategy (RTS) game where you command the frontline forces in tomorrow's most hazardous conflicts. Lead twenty dramatic missions in explosive war-zones including the Middle East, Central Asia, and the Balkans.","Joint Task Force is the real-time strategy (RTS) game where you command the frontline forces in tomorrow's most hazardous conflicts. Lead twenty dramatic missions in explosive war-zones including the Middle East, Central Asia, and the Balkans.","At the dawn of the 22nd century, the conquest of space and the colonization of the solar system is being monopolized by several huge and ambitious mega-corporations. Although extremely delicate and vulnerable, a balance is maintained by these companies.","Driven to the brink of extinction on ice-covered wastelands, humankind fights to survive. Battle to survive against gargantuan alien Akrid and treacherous Snow Pirates on the vast and frozen landscape of EDN III. With no allies at your side, the only thing you can trust is your instincts.","Dante's past is now revealed as Devil May Cry returns to its roots. Master Dante's multiple fighting styles while battling never before seen demons and new characters as you fight your way towards a brutal confrontation with Dante's mysterious twin brother, Vergil.","Driven to the brink of extinction on ice-covered wastelands, humankind fights to survive. Battle to survive against gargantuan alien Akrid and treacherous Snow Pirates on the vast and frozen landscape of EDN III. With no allies at your side, the only thing you can trust is your instincts.","Bullet Candy is a fast paced, action packed arena shooter. There are a variety of combo systems and many secret techniques that you can employ to get the best score and weapon upgrades possible. Viewed from a top-down perspective, Bullet Candy allows for a true 360° shoot-em-up experience.","Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a real-time tactics game set in World War II that puts you in command of a small squad of elite troopers. Send them behind enemy lines on a series of hazardous missions, and bring them back alive. Clever strategy has never been so furiously action-packed.","You have been selected for active service in the Commandos Corps, and must now mobilize in a series of 8 new dangerous missions. You may come with experience of action 'Behind Enemy Lines' or perhaps you are just a rookie - whatever you are, you will be given the opportunity to push your daring and tactical ability to the limit.",Commandos 2: Men of Courage is a tactical action/strategy game set against the backdrop of World War II. Take control of an elite group of commandos who must venture deep into enemy territory and utilize their combined expertise to complete a series of mission-based objectives.,"Commandos 3: Destination Berlin is a game of real-time tactics that places you in command of an elite unit of Special Forces behind enemy lines in the European theater of World War II. From the shores of France to the heart of the Third Reich, strike fast from land or sea infiltrating hostile territories and conducting raids to disrupt...","Enter the realm of a retired assassin, forced back into action by treason. You may be a hired killer but you still have a sense of loyalty and justice. Visit the dark recesses of a world corrupted by crime, greed, degradation and dishonor. And a past that catches up with you.","Money Talks. Silence Pays. Prepare to Make a Killing. When assassins from Agent 47's contract agency, The ICA, are eliminated in a series of hits, it seems a larger, more powerful agency has entered the fray. Sensing he may be a target, 47 travels to America, and prepares to make a killing.","Battlestations: Midway is an immense action game that drops players into massive air, sea, and undersea battles from Pearl Harbor to the Battle of Midway.","Your world...Your rules! In Just Cause, you are a Latin field operative and specialist in regime change backed by top secret US government agency who will overthrow the corrupt government of San Esperito.","As the enigmatic Hitman, you must use stealth and tactical problem solving to enter, execute and exit your assignment with minimum attention and maximum effectiveness. For a price, you have access to the most devious devices, but how you use them will determine if you retire as a millionaire or get permanently retired.","The year is 2052 and the world is a dangerous and chaotic place. Terrorists operate openly - killing thousands; drugs, disease and pollution kill even more. The world's economies are close to collapse and the gap between the insanely wealthy and the desperately poor grows ever wider.","Approximately 20 years after the events depicted in Deus Ex, The World is only beginning to recover from a Catastrophic worldwide depression. In the Chaotic period of recovery, several religious and political factions see an opportunity to re-shape a worldwide government to their agendas, understanding that the right moves now could...","Your world...Your rules! In Just Cause, you are a Latin field operative and specialist in regime change backed by top secret US government agency who will overthrow the corrupt government of San Esperito.","Battlestations: Midway is an immense action game that drops players into massive air, sea, and undersea battles from Pearl Harbor to the Battle of Midway.","Money Talks. Silence Pays. Prepare to Make a Killing. When assassins from Agent 47's contract agency, The ICA, are eliminated in a series of hits, it seems a larger, more powerful agency has entered the fray. Sensing he may be a target, 47 travels to America, and prepares to make a killing.","You are Garrett, the master thief. Rarely seen and never caught, Garrett is the best that ever was. Able to sneak past any guard, pick any lock, and break into the most ingeniously secured residences. Garrett steals from the wealthy and gives to himself, making his living in the dark and foreboding City.","The gaming world's sexiest and most intrepid adventurer makes her triumphant return in Lara Croft Tomb Raider: Legend! Follow Lara down a path of discovery as she travels the globe to remote, exotic locales in search of one of history's greatest artifacts that unleash unwelcome figures from Lara's mysterious past.","Experience the dramatic intensity of the frontlines of a war through the eyes of the first of a new breed of super soldiers in this gritty and epic first-person action game. An augmented super-soldier must stop a renegade regime from eradicating the civilized world. Hong Kong, 2065. 2nd Lt.","Nu Earth: a poisoned planet where endless war rages between the Norts and the Southers. A futile struggle on a hostile planet with no end in sight. But there are tales of a lone warrior. A man who knows no allegiance, the Rogue Trooper!","The gaming world's sexiest and most intrepid adventurer makes her triumphant return in Lara Croft Tomb Raider: Legend! Follow Lara down a path of discovery as she travels the globe to remote, exotic locales in search of one of history's greatest artifacts that unleash unwelcome figures from Lara's mysterious past.","Experience the dramatic intensity of the frontlines of a war through the eyes of the first of a new breed of super soldiers in this gritty and epic first-person action game. An augmented super-soldier must stop a renegade regime from eradicating the civilized world. Hong Kong, 2065. 2nd Lt.","Step into the role of an aspiring martial-arts master and follow the path of the open palm or the closed fist. In this multi-award-winning action-RPG, your choices and actions will determine the fate of the entire Jade Empire. Will you prevent the destruction of this beautiful land, or will you crush it beneath your heel?",TrackMania is the most entertaining car racing game ever. Millions of players play it in single or multiplayer modes. TrackMania United Forever is the ultimate TrackMania edition thanks to the numerous additions and innovations it has to offer.,"New York, 2000......Without knowing how or why, Brian, a student on the verge of graduating from college, is attacked by Mafia gangsters. During his desperate getaway, in the company of a mysterious striptease dancer, he ends up meeting a wide range of unusual characters.","Travel to the four corners of the world with Brian and Gina in a crazy story packed full of surprises. Pirates, spies, surfers, soldiers, and even aliens get in on the act - all combining to create a wonderfully rewarding experience to savour and remember forever!","Travel to the four corners of the world with Brian and Gina in a crazy story packed full of surprises. Pirates, spies, surfers, soldiers, and even aliens get in on the act - all combining to create a wonderfully rewarding experience to savour and remember forever!","A fantasy voyage through the great mythologies, Loki allows the player to take on the role of one of the four heroes of the game, each drawn from a different mythology: a mighty Norse fighter, a fierce Greek warrior, a powerful Egyptian magician or an Aztec shaman who masters the secrets of the spirit world.","A fantasy voyage through the great mythologies, Loki allows the player to take on the role of one of the four heroes of the game, each drawn from a different mythology: a mighty Norse fighter, a fierce Greek warrior, a powerful Egyptian magician or an Aztec shaman who masters the secrets of the spirit world.","The Sherlock Holmes series returns with this updated version of The Awakened, which brings a whole new dimension to the original title developed by Frogwares. Keeping with the traditional Point &amp;amp; Click gameplay style of the original adventure games, The Awakened has been totally rethought, offering players a new third-person view...","Trapped in a magical puzzle book, the adventurous Titus needs your help to release him from his spell. To do this, you must solve the tricky puzzles of Azada&amp;trade;. Crack the series of puzzles and fill in the missing pages of the enchanted book to free Titus from his prison. Loads of unique puzzles to solve.","In X-Blades, the player takes on the role of the enchanting heroine Ayumi, who survives a breathtaking dance of blades through the Hordes of Darkness. The long-haired beautiful anime, with her pistol blades and mind-blowing leaps, whirls and swirls from one fantastic level to the next.",Check out the new Velvet Edition bundle including both Two Worlds II and Pirates of the Flying Fortress DLC.,"While the bloody battle between Gandohar’s troops and the armies of the Orcs is raging in front of the gates of Oswaroth, the emperor waits in the depths of his palace on the outcome of the struggle for power.","Sid Meier's Railroads! marks the return of the watershed title in simulation/strategy gaming that launched the popular &amp;quot;tycoon&amp;quot; genre, and inspired a new generation of games. Sid Meier's Railroads!","Railroad Tycoon 3 features 25 scenarios challenging players to recreate magnificent feats of railroading history from around the world. Players can lay track (including tunnels and overpasses), pick from over 40 locomotives from early steams to modern bullets, choose to haul over 35 types of cargo in a dynamic economy, and participate in...",Includes Railroad Tycoon II and the expansion The Second Century It can take you from New York to South Africa. It can take you from the year 1804 to the year 2000. It can take you from penniless manual laborer to powerful multi-millionaire.,"The war continues... X-COM: UFO Defense brought you to a galactic battlefield. X-COM: Terror from the Deep brings the alien terror into a totally new dimension. Seeking to take advantage of a weakened Earth, X-COM's deep space foes unexpectedly change strategy and launch a powerful second front against planet Earth.","There's something evil in the city tonight... Earth has been ravaged by human excess, petty conflict and alien invasion. The world's population has been herded into huge cities, the first of which was Mega Primus. 2084: A Utopia shattered, social collapse and civil unrest reigns in Mega Primus. Fiendish aliens terrorize the city.","BioShock is a shooter unlike any you've ever played, loaded with weapons and tactics never seen. You'll have a complete arsenal at your disposal from simple revolvers to grenade launchers and chemical throwers, but you'll also be forced to genetically modify your DNA to create an even more deadly weapon: you.","BioShock is a shooter unlike any you've ever played, loaded with weapons and tactics never seen. You'll have a complete arsenal at your disposal from simple revolvers to grenade launchers and chemical throwers, but you'll also be forced to genetically modify your DNA to create an even more deadly weapon: you.","They're back...only this time the heinous aliens are out to destroy Earth and rule the new frontier. As X-COM commander, it's your sole duty to protect humanity and the prized mining operations in outer space.",You are in control of X-COM: an organization formed by the world's governments to fight the ever-increasing alien menace. Features: Command deadly close-combat battles Shooting down UFOs is just the beginning: you must then lead a squad of heavily-armed soldiers across different terrains as they investigate the UFO crash site.,X-COM: Earth's top-secret eXtraterrestrial COMbat unit The Place: America - early 21st century The Mission: Eradicate the extraterrestrials Alien forces have invaded Earth and are terrorizing the population.,"Men of War is a stunning Real-Time Strategy game that takes place during the height of World War II. Intense battles span Europe and North Africa as gamers play as Soviet, Allied or German forces across 19 massive single-player missions.","Do you have what it takes to Survive? Death Track: Resurrection is a racing/action title that takes players into a post-apocalyptic, not-too-distant future where traditional sports have been replaced by far more violent entertainment.","War is Hell. NecroVision is a first-person shooter that takes gamers across the frantic battlegrounds of World War I and into a dark underworld of vampires, demons and dark magic.","Men of War is a stunning Real-Time Strategy game that takes place during the height of World War II. Intense battles span Europe and North Africa as gamers play as Soviet, Allied or German forces across 19 massive single-player missions.","The new action-thriller from the award-winning team at Infinity Ward, the creators of the Call of Duty® series, delivers the most intense and cinematic action experience ever. Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare arms gamers with an arsenal of advanced and powerful modern day firepower and transports them to the most treacherous hotspots...",Your Trophy Buck is Waiting! Experience fast paced hunting action in pursuit of record trophy bucks across 24 state and provinces in North America. Gameplay starts at the most critical and exciting parts of each hunting mission where you are immediately presented with a challenge.,"Tomb Raider: Anniversary retraces Lara Croft's original genre-defining adventure  globe-trotting 3rd person action-adventure in pursuit of the legendary Scion artifact. Using an enhanced 'Tomb Raider: Legend' game engine, the graphics, technology and physics bring Lara's adventure and pursuit of a mystical artifact known only as the...","Tomb Raider: Anniversary retraces Lara Croft's original genre-defining adventure  globe-trotting 3rd person action-adventure in pursuit of the legendary Scion artifact. Using an enhanced 'Tomb Raider: Legend' game engine, the graphics, technology and physics bring Lara's adventure and pursuit of a mystical artifact known only as the...","The greatest football management sim returns... Think you can do better? It's your decisions that count: your budget, your buys, your formation, your tactics...your chance to prove it! Use your skills and knowledge to manage your club the way you feel it should be - now it's your turn.","Think you can do better? It's your decisions that count: your budget, your buys, your formation, your tactics... your chance to prove it! Use your skills and knowledge to manage your club the way you feel it should be - now it's your turn. All football fans around the world, believe they know more about football than anybody else.","Kane and Lynch: Dead Men is the new action shooter franchise by Io-Interactive, creators of the multi-million selling Hitman series. Kane &amp;amp; Lynch: Dead Men follows the violent and chaotic journey of two men - a flawed mercenary and a medicated psychopath - and their brutal attitude towards right and wrong.","*This is a single player only title*Venezuela is left in a state of civil war after the government was brutally overthrown by a military coup. With factions fighting to reinstate democracy, the U.S. government has offered their assistance, though the new government regime has threatened to deploy nuclear weapons if the U.S.","*This is a single player only title*Venezuela is left in a state of civil war after the government was brutally overthrown by a military coup. With factions fighting to reinstate democracy, the U.S. government has offered their assistance, though the new government regime has threatened to deploy nuclear weapons if the U.S.","Tomb Raider: Underworld represents a new advancement in exploration-based gameplay. As fearless adventurer Lara Croft explore exotic locations around the world, each designed with an incredible attention to detail resulting in breathtaking high-definition visual fidelity that creates a truly believable world and delivers a new level of...","Tomb Raider: Underworld represents a new advancement in exploration-based gameplay. As fearless adventurer Lara Croft explore exotic locations around the world, each designed with an incredible attention to detail resulting in breathtaking high-definition visual fidelity that creates a truly believable world and delivers a new level of...","Experience one war through two epic sagas where you will be a part of history or change it. Feel the power of the historically authentic and decisive battles of the Pacific War. Relive some of the grandest and most critical naval battles of recent history and for the first time, choose to lead your fleet to a completely different ending...","Experience one war through two epic sagas where you will be a part of history or change it. Feel the power of the historically authentic and decisive battles of the Pacific War. Relive some of the grandest and most critical naval battles of recent history and for the first time, choose to lead your fleet to a completely different ending...",Dive into an adrenaline-fuelled free-roaming adventure with 400 square miles of rugged terrain and hundreds of weapons and vehicles.,Sam &amp;amp; Max: Episode 1 - Culture Shock - The former child stars of the Soda Poppers TV show are wreaking havoc all over the neighborhood! But this is no ordinary tale of child stars gone awry. There's a dark force behind the Poppers' baffling antics.,Sam &amp;amp; Max: Episode 2 - Situation: Comedy - Talk show host Myra Stump has gone berzerk! Sam &amp;amp; Max head down to the WARP TV studio to find out why she's holding her audience hostage. But getting onto Myra's stage isn't going to be easy. First the Freelance Police will have to prove they're worthy of fifteen minutes of fame.,"Sam &amp;amp; Max Episode 3 - The Mole, The Mob, and The Meatball - The commissioner is looking into an underground operation at the Ted E. Bear Mafia-Free Playland and Casino, but the mole he sent in has suddenly gone quiet. To find the mole, Sam &amp;amp; Max must infiltrate the operation and become members of the Toy Mafia themselves.","Sam &amp;amp; Max Episode 4 - Abe Lincoln Must Die - The president's lost it. Federally mandated group hugs, a pudding embargo... what's next, gun control? Sam &amp;amp; Max are off to Washington to take care of this bozo, but the political climate will only get stormier... and a new power will rise...","With an internet crisis looming and a viral video game holding its players hostage, Sam &amp;amp; Max will need to slip into a new reality to set things right. But can the Freelance Police crack this virtual case in time to avoid worldwide system failure?One of six self-contained cases with an overarching story arc.","Sam &amp;amp; Max: Episode 6 - Bright Side of the Moon - What started out as a local mind-control scheme has grown to global proportions, and Sam &amp;amp; Max are off to the moon to save the entire planet from a lifetime of hypnotic enslavement. But when chaos collides with tranquility, have the Freelance Police finally met their match?","He's the most ancient and powerful opponent they've ever faced, a hairy, bloated, pagan God - Santa Claus! With Christmas presents on the attack and carols of gunshots drowning out the bells, Sam &amp;amp; Max must storm the North Pole to bring down a less-than-jolly foe.",A surprise trip to the tropics turns into a working vacation when Sam &amp;amp; Max sign up to stop a massive volcano eruption. Will their special blend of bewildering wit and renegade justice be enough to win over the gods? (Not to mention the locals?,Zombie attack! Droves of undead are converging in the streets. Now Sam &amp;amp; Max must confront their leader - a Eurotrash vampire with a style all his own. Are the Freelance Police cool enough to outsmart this emo before his flesh-eating army usurps the western world?,"Bosco's vanished from the face of the Earth - literally! When Sam &amp;amp; Max manage to track him down, what they find is so mind boggling, you'll have to see it to believe it. Can the Freelance Police set things right, or will life as they know it fall victim to the capricious whims of T-H-E-M?","Judgment day is at hand, and its time for a showdown with the guy downstairs to bargain for Bosco's soul. But in the corporate wasteland known as Hell, not even the Freelance Police are safe from eternal damnation. Can Sam &amp;amp; Max fight free from Satan's grasp, or have they reached the end of the line?","After an attack by a swarm of locusts leaves Fone Bone lost in the mountains, he sets out to find his cousins, with a little help from a mysterious red dragon, a couple of talking bugs, and a pretty girl named Thorn. But with hungry rat creatures on his tail, will Fone Bone ever make his way back to Boneville?","It's spring fair time and The Great Cow Race is about to begin! Play carnival games. Write love poetry. Outsmart a really big bee. Cheat the locals out of their hard-earned eggs. Bang on some pots and pans. Escape from an angry mob. Oh, and dress up like a cow. (Not necessarily in that order.","Join poker's most outspoken players for a hand of Telltale Texas Hold'em, the card game stacked high with personality. Quips will fly, chips will fall, and you may just end up rolling in the aisles.This is your chance to play in a poker tournament against four characters of such lethal absurdity, you'll either die laughing or die trying.",Enjoy Strong Bad's wacky comedic adventures over 5 full episodes!,,,,,"Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved is a old school style shooter, but remixed for the 21st century with next generation graphics and deep, modern gameplay. Playing is simple: you are a geometric &amp;quot;ship&amp;quot; trapped in a grid world, facing off against waves of deadly wanderers, snakes, and repulsars.","EVE Online is a game where history is written by the players in a universe of unrivaled beauty, depth and opportunity. Become one with your ship and embark on a story of industry, exploration and conquest as you weave your legend into the fabric of New Eden.","UpdateSimBin Studios expands the hit racing game, RACE 07 with the Andy Priaulx Crowne Plaza Raceway free add-on. Free for owners of RACE 07, this add-on features a brand new island track and new cars from triple World Champion Andy Priaulx in his BMW 320si WTCC and Fabrizio Giovanardi in his Vauxhall Vectra VXR.Real Cars, Real Racing...",The RACE On expansion includes all the cars and circuits from the epic WTCC 2008 season. It also adds a massive selection of US Muscle cars and circuits to the...,"Blue skies and white beaches frame the mystical Andy Priaulx Crowne Plaza Raceway, a unique challenge even for a World Champion. Designed to challenge the best, the island track weaves its way past palm trees and luxury hotels. Can YOU master it?","49 unique cars in 12 classes – over 500 combinations.The most beautiful GT’s. Extreme versions of the already spectacular World Touring Cars. Exclusive road cars from prestigious brands.You will find that and much more in GTR Evolution, including the legendary Nürburgring Nordschleife, the fabled 22,8km long racetrack in Germany.","STCC The Game is the official game of “STCC - Swedish Touring Car Championship”, the largest and most prestigious motorsport championship in Scandinavia.The game includes all cars and tracks from the 2008 season; seven Swedish and Norwegian tracks like Mantorp Park, Knutstorp Ring, Våler Track and the world exclusive city racetrack Eco...","STCC The Game is the official game of “STCC - Swedish Touring Car Championship”, the largest and most prestigious motorsport championship in Scandinavia.The game includes all cars and tracks from the 2008 season; seven Swedish and Norwegian tracks like Mantorp Park, Knutstorp Ring, Våler Track and the world exclusive city racetrack Eco...","49 unique cars in 12 classes – over 500 combinations.The most beautiful GT’s. Extreme versions of the already spectacular World Touring Cars. Exclusive road cars from prestigious brands.You will find that and much more in GTR Evolution, including the legendary Nürburgring Nordschleife, the fabled 22,8km long racetrack in Germany.",The RACE On expansion includes all the cars and circuits from the epic WTCC 2008 season. It also adds a massive selection of US Muscle cars and circuits to the...,The Game That Revolutionized the Racing Genre.,Sid Meier's Civilization IV®: Beyond the Sword is the second expansion pack for Civilization IV - the 2005 PC Game of the Year that has become a worldwide hit. The expansion focuses on the time periods after the invention of gunpowder and delivers 11 unique and challenging scenarios created by the development team at Firaxis as well as...,Sid Meier's Civilization IV®: Beyond the Sword is the second expansion pack for Civilization IV - the 2005 PC Game of the Year that has become a worldwide hit. The expansion focuses on the time periods after the invention of gunpowder and delivers 11 unique and challenging scenarios created by the development team at Firaxis as well as...,"Set approximately 10 years after the events of the original BioShock, the halls of Rapture once again echo with sins of the past. Along the Atlantic coastline, a monster has been snatching little girls and bringing them back to the undersea city of Rapture.","Indebted to the wrong people, with his life on the line, veteran of the U.S. Cavalry and now hired gun, Booker DeWitt has only one opportunity to wipe his slate clean. He must rescue Elizabeth, a mysterious girl imprisoned since childhood and locked up in the flying city of Columbia.","From a distant corner of the galaxy, an evil alien race sets in motion a sinister plan to conquer the Earth. They unleash a powerful catalyst — Energy X — that imbues the planet's worst miscreants with super-powers to bring the planet to its knees. Now Earth's only hope lies with a new breed of heroes... The Freedom Force!","Freedom is threatened yet again and only Minute Man and his heroic Freedom Force can save the day in the follow up to one of the most critically acclaimed games of 2002. Freedom Force vs. the Third Reich brings dynamic storytelling, fast-paced tactical role-play, and larger-than-life characters from the comic book pages to the computer...","From a distant corner of the galaxy, an evil alien race sets in motion a sinister plan to conquer the Earth. They unleash a powerful catalyst — Energy X — that imbues the planet's worst miscreants with super-powers to bring the planet to its knees. Now Earth's only hope lies with a new breed of heroes... The Freedom Force!","Freedom is threatened yet again and only Minute Man and his heroic Freedom Force can save the day in the follow up to one of the most critically acclaimed games of 2002. Freedom Force vs. the Third Reich brings dynamic storytelling, fast-paced tactical role-play, and larger-than-life characters from the comic book pages to the computer...","Create, discover, and download new player-created maps, scenarios, interfaces, and more!","Axel and Pixel are trapped in a beautiful but dangerous dream world. If they plan to get out they must solve its mysteries. Drawn by hand and rendered in full high-definition, Axel &amp; Pixel is a unique journey through an artist's dream.","Lock, Load, &amp;amp; Face the MadnessGet ready for the mind blowing insanity! Play as one of four trigger-happy mercenaries and take out everything that stands in your way!With its addictive action, frantic first-person shooter combat, massive arsenal of weaponry, RPG elements and four-player co-op*, Borderlands is a breakthrough experience...","Lock, Load, &amp;amp; Face the MadnessGet ready for the mind blowing insanity! Play as one of four trigger-happy mercenaries and take out everything that stands in your way!With its addictive action, frantic first-person shooter combat, massive arsenal of weaponry, RPG elements and four-player co-op*, Borderlands is a breakthrough experience...","It's World War II and you are B.J. Blazkowicz, the Allies' most valuable agent. In the midst of the German Blitzkrieg, the Spear that pierced the side of Christ is taken from Versailles by the Nazis and secured in the impregnable Castle Wolfenstein. According to legend, no man can be defeated when he has the Spear.","World War II rages and nations fall. SS head Himmler has Hitler's full backing to twist science and the occult into an army capable of annihilating the Allies once and for all. Battling alone, you're on an intense mission to pierce the black heart of the Third Reich and stop Himmler -- or die trying.","TWO NEW EPISODES. SIXTEEN NEW LEVELS. ONE WAY OUT. Your journey has led you down a path of no return. The acrid smell of death fills the air. And you know the road ahead may lead to your grave. But Quake, with his insidious, apocalyptic plans, must be crushed. If you fail, evil will shroud the universe for all eternity.","After defeating Shub-Niggurath, you arrive back at your home base on Earth, but it's not all blue skies and butterflies. Apparently, not all QUAKE forces have been subdued. Chaos ensues as you blast your way through the QUAKE minions and toward the infested gateway. Your only choice is to find the source of evil and shut it down.","A massive demonic invasion has overwhelmed the Union Aerospace Corporation's (UAC) Mars Research Facility, leaving only chaos and horror in its wake. As one of only a few survivors, you must fight your way to hell and back against a horde of evil monsters.","The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse lurk in the shadows before you. They are Death, Pestilence, Famine, and War. They are the root of all that is evil. They are the least of your worries. The last know Serpent Rider, Eidolon, lives.","The gripping expansion pack for DOOM 3 takes your even further into the the DOOM universe. Two years following the unexplained disaster on Mars, the UAC returns to the abandoned facility to investigate a mysterious beacon buried deep in the ruins of the ancient civilization.","Welcome to the Arena, where high-ranking warriors are transformed into spineless mush. Abandoning every ounce of common sense and any trace of doubt, you lunge onto a stage of harrowing landscapes and veiled abysses.","Never before have the forces aligned. United by name and by cause, The Fallen, Pagans, Crusaders, Intruders, and Stroggs must channel their power into an allied operation where teamwork is the only method of mass destruction. Four distinct games test each troop's synthesis and strength to exacting degrees.","The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse lurk in the shadows before you. They are Death, Pestilence, Famine, and War. They are the root of all that is evil. They are the least of your worries. The last know Serpent Rider, Eidolon, lives.","Shortly after landing on an alien surface, you learn that hundreds of your men have been reduced to just a few. Now you must fight your way through heavily fortified military installations, lower the city's defenses and shut down the enemy's war machine. Only then will the fate of humanity be known.","Introducing the Master Levels for DOOM II. Twenty never-before-seen levels all with the same acid drenched, hell spawned horror of the originals. Each was created by independent designers and supervised by the demented minds of id Software. You might as well forget about seeing the light of day ever again.","Commander Keen: Invasion of the Vorticons: Episode 1: Marooned on Mars (Dec. 14th 1990) Episode 2: The Earth Explodes (1991) Episode 3: Keen Must Die! (1991) Commander Keen's very first adventure, and the debut of id's groundbreaking side-scrolling technology.","Powered by id’s revolutionary id Tech® 5 technology, RAGE is an intense first-person shooter with breakneck vehicle combat, an expansive world to explore, and jaw-dropping graphics!","Delivering a visceral WWII gaming experience, Company of Heroes redefines real time strategy gaming by bringing the sacrifice of heroic soldiers, war-ravaged environments, and dynamic battlefields to life.","This expansion adds all-new units and strategies to the exciting gameplay offered by Dawn of War. The Imperial Guard brings new weaponry, including heavy armor, new troop units as well as defensive and ranged tactics overwhelming numbers. Coupled with new abilities, this fighting force is as lethal as they come.","Prepare yourself for the grim, dark future of the 41st millennium, where alien races battle mankind for galactic domination in a universe of unending war. Personalize your armies with a revolutionary unit customization tool that gives you the ability to choose your armies insignias, banners, squad colors and names.","Prepare yourself for the grim, dark future of the 41st millennium, where alien races battle mankind for galactic domination in a universe of unending war. Personalize your armies with a revolutionary unit customization tool that gives you the ability to choose your armies insignias, banners, squad colors and names.","The next chapter in the #1 rated RTS franchise thrusts players into a hellish war torn landscape to command two battle-hardened armies in relentless campaigns for honor and country. Players lead the tenacious British 2nd Army during the heroic World War II liberation of Caen, France, and command the German Panzer Elite as they struggle...","For a thousand years, three opposing forces have waged war for what they believe is true. There can be no room for compromise: their way is the only way. Dubbed The Infinite War, this devastating conflict has taken its toll on a once-peaceful galaxy and has only served to deepen the hatred between the factions.","The last days of man are at hand.. Two years after the Infinite War the once great warring nations now lie in ruins, and humanity’s hope for a brighter future is nothing but a bitter memory. A new, seemingly unstoppable enemy, supported by the zealots of The Order, now seeks to eradicate mankind: UEF, Aeon Loyalist, and Cybran alike.","The third and final expansion to the genre-defining and critically-acclaimed RTS, Dawn of War. In Soulstorm, two new armies are introduced – Sisters of Battle and Dark Eldar - raising the total number of playable armies to nine.","The third and final expansion to the genre-defining and critically-acclaimed RTS, Dawn of War. In Soulstorm, two new armies are introduced – Sisters of Battle and Dark Eldar - raising the total number of playable armies to nine.","Frontlines™: Fuel of War™ is an open-world First Person Shooter set on the frontlines of tomorrow. In a world ravaged by a global energy crisis, environmental decay, and economic depression, players assume the role of an elite soldier in the Western Coalition Army on an epic crusade against the Red Star Alliance to control the last of...","Saints Row 2 brings true freedom to open-world gaming. Players can play as who they want, how they want, and with whomever they want in this sequel to the much acclaimed and tremendously successful Saints Row.","Gish isn't your average hero. In fact, he's not your average anything...you see, Gish is a ball of tar. A Sunday stroll with his lady friend, Brea, goes awry when a shadowy figure emerges from an open manhole and pulls Brea below ground.","Gish isn't your average hero. In fact, he's not your average anything...you see, Gish is a ball of tar. A Sunday stroll with his lady friend, Brea, goes awry when a shadowy figure emerges from an open manhole and pulls Brea below ground.","Desperados 2 is the sequel to the successful wild west title Desperados - Wanted Dead or Alive. The gameplay is based on its predecessor but with brand new tactical possibilities in a beautiful 3D environment. Switch from an isometric view to a third person view whenever you want; for example, for duels, brawls and shoot-outs.","Here's your chance to make it big in the Big Apple... New York City, the city that never sleeps! Go for broke building your own Manhattan empire, creating and customizing over 100 types of major businesses: run a hot nightclub, oversee a media conglomerate, open a lucrative Broadway theater - the choices are endless.","The highly anticipated sequel to the critically acclaimed game Act of War: Direct Action picks up where the techno-thriller left off. On the eve of the U.S. Presidential elections, simultaneous terrorist attacks hit both candidates. Clues point to corrupt elements within the U.S.","Smersh is Russian for &amp;quot;Death to Spies&amp;quot; and was the name of a set of counterintelligence agencies formed in the Soviet Army during World War II. Their mission was to secure the rear of the active Red Army by arresting traitors, deserters, spies and criminal cells.","Tempelhof, Berlin, dawn of 8th April 1949.A major armed conflict is brewing between the Western powers and the Soviet bloc. The Red Army has been growing ever stronger since the end of World War II. With the growth of their army the Soviets realize that they hold the advantage, and are only waiting for the right moment to attack.","Grab your cape and defend Millennium City in this comic book-style action MMORPG! Design your hero and costume from thousands of costume pieces, face super-villains like Dr. Destroyer, and create your own unique nemesis.","In Star Trek Online, the Star Trek universe appears for the first time on a truly massive scale. Players take the captain's chair as they command their own starship and crew. Explore strange new worlds, seek out new life and new civilizations, and boldly go where no one has gone before.","Test Drive Unlimited 2 transforms the driving genre, adding the persistency, progression and customization of the latest multiplayer games to the auto racing experience. Test Drive Unlimited 2 blends single player and multiplayer experiences seamlessly, creating a dynamic world of evolving content and challenges.","In Blade Kitten, join Kit Ballard as she explores the mysterious world of Hollow Wish to hunt down rogue mechs and soft targets.","In Blade Kitten, join Kit Ballard as she explores the mysterious world of Hollow Wish to hunt down rogue mechs and soft targets.","Dare to be scared! After 30 years, Atari's classic groundbreaking game is back - with all-new scream-worthy chills and thrills!",Engage in epic dogfights and aerial assaults against the onslaught of the evil Zylons.,"The UnderGarden is a casual Zen game that challenges players to explore beautiful underground caverns filled with strange life forms, sound, music and plenty of hidden secrets. Casual gamers with an affinity towards puzzle games will enjoy The UnderGarden’s modern exploration quest filled with brain teasing games that combine state of...","Ghostbusters: Sanctum of Slime Challenge Pack brings hours of a new single player experience to this ghost-hunting adventure. With all-new two game modes, Lonely Hero and Arcade Challenge, you won't put the controller down!","Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced.","Seven classic games in one collection. Celebrate the golden age of adventure games all over again with the return of King's Quest.The bravest knight in all of Daventry, Sir Graham, is appointed by the dying king to embark on a Quest for the Crown.","Experience a blast from the past with the complete, completely twisted Space Quest Collection.","3, 2, 1 Blast-Off! Launch yourself into the intense space-shooter Aces of the Galaxy&amp;trade; &amp;#151; A non-stop, old-school arcade thrill-ride for the 21st century and beyond. Utilize an impressive arsenal of upgradeable weapons including high powered missile launchers, devastating torpedoes and the ever-reliant chain gun to annihilate the...","Master time to become the ultimate weapon! Dr. Aiden Krone has made a Time Jump across the space-time continuum - a reckless act with frightening consequences. Now, a disturbing alternate reality has evolved within the bleak and rain-soaked Alpha District.","Whether you're a seasoned player or just a beginner, get ready to tee off for a quick and fun match with four animated stylish characters. Putt your way through 36 fun-filled holes of minigolf on 3D designed courses with elevated greens, bunkers, bridges and water hazards, among other crazy obstacles.","You are the Prototype, Alex Mercer, a man without memory armed with amazing shape-shifting abilities, hunting your way to the heart of the conspiracy which created you; making those responsible pay. Fast &amp;amp; Deadly Shape-Shifting Combat: Reconfigure your body to the situation at hand.","Wolfenstein takes players deep into the heart of the Reich, where experiments with a dark force known as the Black Sun threaten to embolden the Nazis with unimaginable powers. There's only one man for a job of this magnitude: special agent B.J. Blazkowicz!","The most-anticipated game of the year and the sequel to the best-selling first-person action game of all time, Modern Warfare 2 continues the gripping and heart-racing action as players face off against a new threat dedicated to bringing the world to the brink of collapse.","The most-anticipated game of the year and the sequel to the best-selling first-person action game of all time, Modern Warfare 2 continues the gripping and heart-racing action as players face off against a new threat dedicated to bringing the world to the brink of collapse.","5 additional action-packed multiplayer maps, including brand-new battlegrounds and legendary fan-favorites from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare","The best-selling first-person action game of all time gets even bigger with more epic new multiplayer content! The Modern Warfare 2 Resurgence Pack delivers five incredible new multiplayer maps. Take the action to exciting new locations, then battle across legendary landscapes from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare.","Good or Insane? The choice is yours. Following the Apocalyptic end to the Postal Dude’s week in Paradise, we follow him and his insane pitbull Champ as they emigrate to its appropriately named sister city, Catharsis.","The remote hotel stands atop an ominous snow-peaked mountain, and death permeates every inch of the place. A crime has been committed here obviously, and the remote nature of the retreat means that the culprit is still roaming the halls. Which of the guests is capable of this? Whose past hides sinister truths and who has the most to gain?","Operation Valkyrie is a famous plan of the German Resistance to overthrow the tyrannical Nazi government. Standartenfuhrer Gerhard Mayer, a patriot who works in Reich Security Head Office learns that Gestapo has tracked down the conspirators.","PT Boats is dedicated to a small group of little known but perhaps some of the most daring naval combatants of World War II: the torpedo boat crews. These ships are small, fast and agile, and extremely dangerous due to the on-board torpedo launchers. But they are also the most vulnerable of all military vessels.","“The seas can be dangerous, but when you’re in command of a crack strike boat crew…”. Deadly naval weapon of WWII is back with more campaigns, ore combat aircrafts, ships and even more fascinating gameplay. The original game “PT Boats: Knights of the Sea” has opened a new previously unknown aspect of naval battles in WWII.","A true reincarnation of the legendary series!The Almighty has turned away from Nevendaar and its denizens. He is busy thinking about the fate of the world. Above Nevendaar, rent by perpetual wars, a new star flashed out. What will it bring with it? Who will claim its great power? Immerse in the struggle of four powerful races!","The Club™, created by critically acclaimed developer Bizarre Creations, is a new breed of third-person shooter, combining fast-paced run and gun gameplay, destructive environments, and lethal weapons. You will fight to survive in a shadowy underground blood-sport controlled by a faceless, obscenely wealthy and influential elite who place...","Command the seas, control the land, forge a new nation, and conquer the globe.",Embrace the competitive spirit of the world's most prestigious sporting event and represent your country as you compete for the highest honor - the Gold. The game delivers a far more entertaining and immersive Olympic experience with superior graphics capturing the fine emotional detail of each event where a fraction of a second means...,"A game filled with heavy combat action, fast-paced tactics and decision making, Space Siege is an all-new science fiction themed action-RPG being developed by Chris Taylor and his talented team at Gas Powered Games, the creators of Dungeon Siege I &amp; II and Supreme Commander.","October 5, 2009 - Update The Empire Special Forces units are now available for sale separately as DLC for Empire: Total War. This DLC also includes three additional exclusive units, previously unavailable for sale.","Expand your Empire with downloadable content! The Elite Units of the West Downloadable Content for Empire: Total War™ introduces 14 completely unique brand new units from all the major Western factions. Featuring all new infantry and cavalry units, equipped with the best weapons and having undergone the most rigorous of training, the...","The official Empire: Total War™ Expansion A new detailed North American Campaign Map expands the Empire: Total War experience, with 5 brand new American Indian factions, new units and technologies. Experience battles in the new Warpath Campaign and lead one of the 5 new factions in an epic war to defend your lands and drive out the...","The Elite Units of America Downloadable Content for Empire: Total War™ adds 15 new elite units to the American, British and French factions of Empire: Total War. In the last half of the 18th century, the political upheaval from thirteen of British Colonies in North America ultimately led to the 1776 Declaration of Independence and...",The Elite Units of the East DLC for Empire: Total War™ adds 12 new elite units to the Maratha and Ottoman factions of Empire: Total War. Empire: Total War expands further East than any previous Total War game and this Downloadable Content includes the very best units from the Eastern lands.,"Command the seas, control the land, forge a new nation, and conquer the globe.","Survive, hunt and prey in the deadly jungles and swamps in distinctly new and thrilling first person gameplay.",Bring a whole new dimension to the action and excitement of Aliens vs. Predator with four all-new online maps. Two new Multiplayer maps for six different online modes: Docks: Horror comes from the deep at Weyland-Yutani’s abandoned dockyard.,"Welcome to the killing grounds of BG-386. Prove your skills on four new multiplayer maps spanning jungle swamps, Alien crashsites, industrial complexes and ancient temples. Your environment will be your deadliest enemy - constant rainstorms batter you, fog hides your predators with only a flash of lightning to show the way through.","A fantasy voyage through the great mythologies, Loki allows the player to take on the role of one of the four heroes of the game, each drawn from a different mythology: a mighty Norse fighter, a fierce Greek warrior, a powerful Egyptian magician or an Aztec shaman who masters the secrets of the spirit world.","A free game in the truest sense of the word, TrackMania Nations Forever lets you drive at mind-blowing speeds on fun and spectacular tracks in solo and multiplayer modes.TrackMania Nations Forever offers a new &amp;quot;Forever&amp;quot; version of the Stadium environment, a solid solo mode and 65 brand new, progressively challenging tracks.","This new Sherlock Holmes game sends us to 19th Century London where Arséne Lupin, a young French burglar with an impressive track record, has just challenged Scotland Yard and the most famous of detectives - Sherlock Holmes. This new adventure offers gamers tremendous freedom and an even stronger sense of involvement through real-time 3D.","Dracula: Origin reveals the dark origins of the Dracula curse. Once the ardent defender of Christendom, Dracula loses his faith in God when he is abandoned by his one true love after she marries. Dracula then makes a pact with the Prince of Darkness, and becomes a vampire.","This new Sherlock Holmes game sends us to 19th Century London where Arséne Lupin, a young French burglar with an impressive track record, has just challenged Scotland Yard and the most famous of detectives - Sherlock Holmes. This new adventure offers gamers tremendous freedom and an even stronger sense of involvement through real-time 3D.","Dracula: Origin reveals the dark origins of the Dracula curse. Once the ardent defender of Christendom, Dracula loses his faith in God when he is abandoned by his one true love after she marries. Dracula then makes a pact with the Prince of Darkness, and becomes a vampire.","Inspired by The adventures of Sherlock Holmes Written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. After Lord Montcalfe's death, his daughter Elisabeth turns to the famous detective Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery that surrounds her father's death.","The Sherlock Holmes series returns with this updated version of The Awakened, which brings a whole new dimension to the original title developed by Frogwares. Keeping with the traditional Point &amp;amp; Click gameplay style of the original adventure games, The Awakened has been totally rethought, offering players a new third-person view...","At a reception organised in honour of his daughter, Melvyn Bromsby, a rich tycoon, is about to make an important announcement concerning his future business affairs when, all of a sudden, a shot rings out. Sir Bromsby collapses, having suffered a mortal wound to the heart...","Hunker down at your London flat at 221b Baker St. The year is 1896, and Scotland Yard has called Sherlock Holmes with an urgent request for help. A young painter has been found murdered and rolled up in a remarkable Persian carpet.","Recognized as one of the best licenses in adventure gaming and lauded by the international press, Sherlock Holmes is back with an investigation that is sure to be the most horrifying of the series. In this great new adventure, the famous detective chases against the most threatening serial killer England has ever known - Jack the Ripper.","Surviving is only half the game. The award-winning atmosphere and gameplay mechanics of the original Shadowgrounds make a triumphant return in this spin off/sequel armed with a slick new feature set! Shadowgrounds Survivor tells the story of the last remaining humans on Jupiter's moon Ganymede, where the alien onslaught is in full force.","Somewhere in deep space, at an apparently abandoned mining base on the asteriod Alpha Prime, something has gone terribly wrong. Miners were warned that the hubbardium they were mining was too dangerous, but the lure of unimaginable wealth was too strong.","Surviving is only half the game. The award-winning atmosphere and gameplay mechanics of the original Shadowgrounds make a triumphant return in this spin off/sequel armed with a slick new feature set! Shadowgrounds Survivor tells the story of the last remaining humans on Jupiter's moon Ganymede, where the alien onslaught is in full force.","Test your reflexes, judgment and tactics while facing up to eight other players in this follow-up to the critically acclaimed and popular arcade game Gumboy: Crazy Adventures, winner of numerous accolades including Gametunnel's GAME OF THE YEAR 2006.","In the far future, humanity is ruled by The Ministry of Accounts, an oppressive bureaucracy that tracks, records and taxes every transaction of daily life. From the depths of Red Tape, a new breed of marketeer arises to challenge the authority and make a profit: the Space Trader is born!","On December 7, 1941, a major part of the U.S. Pacific navy stationed at Pearl Harbor was assaulted by Japanese planes. Japanese fighters were destroying American aircraft on land and in the air, without giving them a chance for a counterattack. The furious battle of Pearl Harbor became the first in the sequence of gory sea combats.","Pacific Storm: Allies expands upon the success of the internationally acclaimed original to deliver an unforgettable mix of real-time strategy and blistering arcade combat, recreating World War II's most heated battles.","Test your reflexes, judgment and tactics while facing up to eight other players in this follow-up to the critically acclaimed and popular arcade game Gumboy: Crazy Adventures, winner of numerous accolades including Gametunnel's GAME OF THE YEAR 2006.","Penguins Arena is a thrilling and innovative First Penguin Shooter with quick, hectic rounds and where the magic of reincarnation, combined with the supernatural ability to return to the game as a ghost, ensures that your character has every chance to change your tribe's fate, even in the afterlife.","Based on the award-winning mobile game of the same name, Obulis takes things to the next level by fusing highly compelling gameplay with outstanding graphics, music and state of the art physics effects. The goal of Obulis is to drop all of the colored spheres into their like-colored pots.","At the end of 19th Century, dark forces shade the world once again. A brave agent, experienced in exorcism and combat, comes to face the oncoming evil, and fight loathsome supernatural monsters and horrific spawns of black magic.","At the end of 19th Century, dark forces shade the world once again. A brave agent, experienced in exorcism and combat, comes to face the oncoming evil, and fight loathsome supernatural monsters and horrific spawns of black magic.","Chains is a challenging puzzle game with a unique feel and distinctive vector graphics style. The object of the game is simple - to link adjacent bubbles of the same color into chains. As you progress through the physics-driven stages it becomes increasingly more challenging and players' speed, strategy and skill will be put to the test.","From the art and stories of famed graphic novelist and filmmaker Enki Bilal, and the studio created by adventure game legend Benoit Sokal comes Nikopol: Secrets of the Immortals. Set in France in the year 2023, the country is governed by a dictator who rules by religious absolute power.","Solve exciting criminal cases on the mean streets as member of the autobahn police force - or freely explore the open game world while chasing down high-octane racers. Escort politicians, transport precious goods or take down the criminal element with over 500HP and close to 200MPH.","Prepare to be tempted, mesmerized and thrilled, become the Overlord, how corrupt you become depends on how you handle any given situation. Your actions impact the game world. With incredible power at your disposal and a team of evil minded minions to do your evil bidding, how will you resist the temptation to be incredibly despotic?","Prepare to be tempted, mesmerized and thrilled, become the Overlord, how corrupt you become depends on how you handle any given situation. Your actions impact the game world. With incredible power at your disposal and a team of evil minded minions to do your evil bidding, how will you resist the temptation to be incredibly despotic?","The player can take control of American, British, Russian, or German forces to play out battles that are set in World War II. The game is primarily a strategy game, but the player can take control of his or her forces and direct them with the keyboard and mouse for additional depth of control.","In the space of fifty years, Earth changed from a planet on cusp of a challenging future to a world a breath away from lifelessness and plunged into an apocalyptic time of ecological disaster, global warfare and the meltdown of human civilization. This is the time of the Maelstrom.","Develop your own hospital drama and manipulate the results to your best advantage! In charge of a rapidly expanding hospital, your job is to cure the patients with your army of doctors and nurses while successfully managing the facilities and taking care of everyone's needs.","Indulge in the fusion of puzzle, light and music. Experience the addictive puzzle action enhanced with stylish graphics and block-rocking beats. Lumines introduces you to a brand new block-dropping-puzzler experience. As you create 2x2 squares in same color, the vertical time line wipes them away from left to right.","Indulge in the fusion of puzzle, light and music. Experience the addictive puzzle action enhanced with stylish graphics and block-rocking beats. Lumines introduces you to a brand new block-dropping-puzzler experience. As you create 2x2 squares in same color, the vertical time line wipes them away from left to right.",Ready for the next challenge? Prepare yourself for the ultimate LUMINES experience and show us your skills! This exciting pack includes: 21 skins + 2 bonus skins for Challenge Mode 60 mind-bending puzzles to solve in Puzzle Mode 35 stages of quick-thinking and fast-moving in Mission...,"Welcome to Liberty City. Where it all began. With stellar voice acting, a darkly comic storyline, a stunning soundtrack and revolutionary open-world gameplay, Grand Theft Auto III is the game that defined the open world genre for a generation.","Welcome to Vice City. Welcome to the 1980s. From the decade of big hair, excess and pastel suits comes a story of one man's rise to the top of the criminal pile.","Five years ago Carl Johnson escaped from the pressures of life in Los Santos, San Andreas... a city tearing itself apart with gang trouble, drugs and corruption. Where filmstars and millionaires do their best to avoid the dealers and gangbangers. Now, it's the early 90s. Carl's got to go home.","You awake to the sound of your own panicked breath. In Manhunt, you must run, hide and fight to survive. If you can stay alive long enough, you may find out who did this to you. This is a brutal blood sport.","Max Payne is a man with nothing to lose in the violent, cold urban night. A fugitive undercover cop framed for murder, hunted by cops and the mob, Max is a man with his back against the wall, fighting a battle he cannot hope to win.","Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne is a violent, film-noir love story. Dark, tragic and intense, the in-depth story is a thrill-ride of shocking twists and revelations. Love hurts.","The world's most notorious drivers meet each night on the streets of LA, Paris, and Tokyo. Choose from a collection of performance-enhanced cars or bikes and compete head-to-head to make a name for yourself. There are no rules. Drive anywhere in the city. Find the fastest route to win.",Drive dozens of varied vehicles around three of America's toughest cities. Only the best will be able to tame the fastest cars. Only the smartest will know all the short-cuts and the whereabouts of the hottest wheels. Only the toughest will be able to take on the world and finish the job like a professional...,"Grand Theft Auto is back. The cars are faster. The streets are busier. The bad guys are nastier. The police are angrier. And now, the FBI and the Army are getting involved... Seven ruthless gangs are involved in a ruthless power struggle and it is up to you to make a name for yourself. Respect is earned, not given.","Bully tells the story of mischievous 15-year-old Jimmy Hopkins as he goes through the hilarity and awkwardness of adolescence. Beat the jocks at dodge ball, play pranks on the preppies, save the nerds, kiss the girl and navigate the social hierarchy in the worst school around.","What does the American dream mean today? For Niko Bellic fresh off the boat from Europe, it is the hope he can escape from his past. For his cousin, Roman, it is the vision that together they can find fortune in Liberty City, gateway to the land of opportunity.",Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City includes both The Lost and Damned and The Ballad of Gay Tony together and does not require a copy of the original Grand Theft Auto IV to play.,"Welcome to Vice City. Welcome to the 1980s. From the decade of big hair, excess and pastel suits comes a story of one man's rise to the top of the criminal pile.","The World Union is labeled the 'perfect society'. Prosperity is a science, disease and wars have vanished, sex is entertainment, and the future has never looked brighter. Suddenly this perfect society is rocked by the murder of a World Union citizen in the 'Rogue State' of Russia.",A shadow of evil has fallen on the kingdom of Ancaria. It is a time for champions - a time to journey into the perilous world of SACRED. Battle blood-thirsty orcs &amp;amp; lumbering ogres... Destroy undead wizards &amp;amp; rotting mummies... Slay hellish demons &amp;amp; legendary dragons.,"Darkstar One offers a fantastic amount of freedom of choice. The story-based missions gradually lead you deeper into the galaxy to new races, new technologies and ever stronger opponents. Explore a vast array of solar systems in search of hidden artifacts of ancient races, essential objects for upgrading your ship--the Darkstar One.","Colonial England. Under a certain amount of duress... Jack takes on a job, which will not only cause him a great deal of trouble, but also bring to light the answer to a mystery out of his distant past. A lack of money leads Jack to accept a charter to take a British secret agent to mysterious 'Tooth Island'.","FlatOut Ultimate Carnage lifts destruction racing to a whole new level of bone-breaking slaughter. FlatOut Ultimate Carnage is arcade destruction racing at its best and most extreme with real world physics, three different game modes and offering players a wide variety of online and offline multiplayer options.","The small country of Arulco has been taken over by a merciless dictator - and only you can loosen the iron grip! Jagged Alliance 2 Gold Pack immerses you into an elaborate role-playing universe where you will interact with more than 150 characters, recruit your own band of soldiers and create your own custom mercenary to win back Arulco...","The small country of Arulco has been taken over by a merciless dictator - and only you can loosen the iron grip! Jagged Alliance 2 Gold Pack immerses you into an elaborate role-playing universe where you will interact with more than 150 characters, recruit your own band of soldiers and create your own custom mercenary to win back Arulco...","The Intelligence Agency has commissioned you, Francis Rixon, to find out what is happening inside the Corporation's confines and to retrieve information about a secret mineral upon which the very existence of the human race may depend.","Perimeter 2: New Earth is the long-awaited sequel of the critically acclaimed RTS Perimeter. Ideas of territorial gameplay and landscape modification, introduced in the original game, are now realized on a new concept &amp; technology level.","Big Score is based around a classic story of police vs. criminals in a fight for a big score. The fantastic action will leave you breathless and will pump-up your adrenaline while you are rescuing your ball, trying to hit that last glowing target.",This time he will not fail. This time Osiris will show the world of humans what he's made of. But the ankh alone is not enough - not as long as he hasn't found the most important part of his body: his heart. Life has not been kind to Assil. Only three weeks ago he managed to ward off his death curse.,"The omens of the Battle of the Gods have been many, signaling the impending fight for supremacy over all other gods of Egypt. And of course, Assil will be caught in the middle of it all again. Together with his girlfriend Thara, he will have to prevent the sinister Seth from winning the battle and subjecting Egypt to his regime of terror.","BC Kings features several new elements not commonly found in strategy games. In addition to gathering resources, training an army and defeating the enemy, you will have to solve adventure and role-playing elements as well. The campaign is built around the epic story of the brave hero Mradin, and his trusty old friend Giesnik.","The Caribbean in the 17th Century - Trade with over 60 towns, create your own production facilities, expand your trading empire and influence the development of the New World. As pirates and military fleets threaten your trade convoys, you'll need escort ships.",9th Company Roots of Terror is an action-oriented real-time strategy game based on actual events that took place during the Soviet military campaign in Afghanistan. 9th Company follows the story of a ragged band of young recruits undergoing brutal training in Uzbekistan’s Fergana Valley and culminates with a bloody stand against the...,"PuzzleQuest: Challenge of the Warlords delivers, for the first time ever, classic puzzle-game action backed with an epic story of good vs. evil. Challenge your match 3 skills as you battle against computer opponents to save the Kingdom of Etheria from the evil Lord Bane.","Crack that Whip! Take reigns of a privately run prison. You are responsible for the care, custody, and control of individuals who have been arrested. Begin with a low security prison and build it up to a SuperMax. From construction to daily operations, you must protect society while turning a profit. It's time for lockdown.",Your American Dream Starts Behind the Wheel of Your Own Big Rig! North America's open roads await! You ain't working for the Man any more! You're the owner of your own trucking business and you call the shots. Build your empire one rig at a time to dominate the roadways and outbid the competition. Can you handle the pressure?,The Ultimate PC Hunting Experience Is Back...Bigger and Better Than Ever! Jump Right Into the Action with Hunting Unlimited 2008™! Get up close and personal with the big game you seek. Gone are the endless hours of empty forests and unused shots. The search for the elusive prized trophy has never been more action packed or more realistic.,"Organized crime is taking over Metro City. As a detective in the 83rd precinct you must use your Mahjongg skills to unearth clues and bring the criminals to justice. Don Diamante, the city's undisputed godfather, must be located and brought in. Collect and match evidence tiles to pinpoint perpetrators.","Are you ready to build the Greatest Midway on Earth? Summer nights, flashing lights, stomach churning rides, girls and guys all combine to make the perfect carnival. Attract them, thrill them, feed them, frighten them, and leave them yearning for more! Run your own traveling carnival.","Welcome to the world of HotDish, where knowing your way around the kitchen is a recipe for success! Build your career one dish at a time as you start at the bottom of the culinary ladder as a line cook in a local Italian restaurant with dreams of one day becoming a world class 5 Star French chef.","The Doctor is In! Dr. Daisy has just graduated from veterinary school and needs to complete 5 rotations to finish her residency. Help her diagnose and heal needy animals in this madcap dash classic. From the local veterinary clinic to a sea park all the way to a big city zoo, Daisy needs to keep her ailing friends happy and healthy.","Buckle up. You're going for a ride. Race at speeds over 140 MPH on dirt, on the proving grounds for today's top professional drivers. Shoulder to shoulder sprint car racing makes for spectacular crashes, and white-knuckle driving. Start out as a small town star and work your way up through the ranks to become a national legend.","Push Every Boundary...of Your Car and of the Law. Enter an explosive world where nitrous erupts and rubber burns. You live your life one race at a time and from midnight to dawn, the adrenaline is on. Feel the raw power of your super-charged engine as you punch the accelerator for cash and hard-won respect.","Become immersed in the fantastic world of Aris  a world populated by Orcs, Elves, Dwarfs and Humans. Complete more than 30 challenging quests to find the three parts of the Hand of God amulet and save Aris from impending doom.",Drakensang is a third-person party-based RPG based on the pen &amp;amp; paper role-play rules of The Dark Eye. Drakensang is the first PC game for over 10 years to be based on Germany's most successful and popular role-play system. Drakensang builds on the pen &amp;amp; paper rules as applied in version 4.0.,Do you have what it takes to design a fancy frock or a fashion flop? Compete in creative challenges for the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to show your creations in a major runway event and become the ultimate fashion designer. Will you be asked to stay or leave Mission: Runway? Take on the fashion challenge?,"Get the Shot. Get the Game. Experience fast-paced hunting action in pursuit of the biggest trophy bucks throughout North America, Canada and Now the Bavarian Forest! Wilderness Madness! Free Hunt Mode drops you right in the action with game a plenty, or for exacting hunting adventures try Challenge Mode. Calling All Predators.","How evil can you get? Discover how corruptible you are in Overlord, the twisted fantasy action adventure where you can be evil (or really evil). In the game's seriously warped fantasy world, players will become the Overlord and get first-hand experience of how absolute power corrupts absolutely.","As the King of Iolcus, Jason had everythinga prosperous kingdom, the respect of his peers, and a beautiful fiancé. When she was killed on their wedding day, he vowed to do anything to restore her life. Now, in order to accomplish this heroic feat Jason must seek out the Golden Fleece -- and with the help of Greek mythology's greatest...","Evolving the shooter genre with its unique and exhilarating combination of fluid action and combat, Damnation features huge, open environments, frenetic combat, daredevil acrobatics and high-octane vehicle-based stunts.","Overlord II, sequel to the critically acclaimed cult hit, sees the return of the chaotic Minions and their new Dark Master. Bigger, badder and more beautifully destructive, Overlord 2 has a Glorious Empire to smash, a massive Netherworld to revive, Minion mounts to mobilize, a trio of mistresses to woo, War Machines to crush opposition...",Mafia III Announced - Coming October 7th 2016...,Mafia III Announced - Coming October 7th 2016...,"Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!",The biggest first-person action series of all time and the follow-up to critically acclaimed Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare 2 returns with Call of Duty®: Black Ops.,The biggest first-person action series of all time and the follow-up to critically acclaimed Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare 2 returns with Call of Duty®: Black Ops.,"Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs!","You are the leader of an elite squad of Republic Commandos, your mission is to infiltrate, dominate, and ultimately, annihilate the enemy. Your squad will follow your orders and your lead, working together as a team - instinctively, intelligently, instantly. You are their leader. They are your weapon.",The Man With The Hat Is Back In His Greatest Adventure Yet! 1939 - The eve of World War II. Nazi agents are about to get their hands on a weapon more dangerous than the atom bomb. Only Indy can stop them before they unleash the deadly secret that sank Atlantis.,Forge your weapon and follow the path of the Jedi Jedi Knight: Jedi Academy is the latest installment of the highly acclaimed Jedi Knight series. Take on the role of a new student eager to learn the ways of the Force from Jedi Master Luke Skywalker.,The Legacy of Star Wars Dark Forces™ and Star Wars® Jedi Knight lives on in the intense first-person action of Jedi Outcast.,"An asteroid the size of a small moon is on a crash course toward Earth. Once the wayward asteroid is nuked into a safe orbit, a trio conducts a routine examination of the rocky surface. What they uncover is anything but routine.","Join the rise of Darth Vader’s elite 501st Legion of Stormtroopers as you fight through an all new story-based saga where every action you take impacts the battlefront and, ultimately, the fate of the Star Wars galaxy.","Thrillville™: Off the Rails lives up to its name with 20 death-defying rides! Players can build incredible coasters to leap from one track to another, launch through the air like cannonballs, blast through a burning rings of fire and more!","Meet the Lionhearts. A smack-talking rag-tag band of rebels on an impossible quest. If they can make it through an army of psychotic robots and wall-smashing Goliaths, they just might save the world... if they don't burn it down first.","Shank is the cult-classic revival of the sidescrolling beat-em-up. Play as Shank in an over-the-top grindhouse game, packed to the rim with enemies, bosses, combos, and more by the award-winning team at Klei Entertainment.","Shank is the cult-classic revival of the sidescrolling beat-em-up. Play as Shank in an over-the-top grindhouse game, packed to the rim with enemies, bosses, combos, and more by the award-winning team at Klei Entertainment.","Shank is the cult-classic revival of the sidescrolling beat-em-up. Play as Shank in an over-the-top grindhouse game, packed to the rim with enemies, bosses, combos, and more by the award-winning team at Klei Entertainment.","Grim spectres, howling banshees, and sly gremlins are yours to command as you unleash ghastly spirits on the town of Gravenville and scare the wits out of its citizens. In the world of the Ghost Master, spooks do your bidding, as you solve puzzles and unlock mysteries in a challenge that combines the best of strategy, adventure, and...","Develop a state-of-the art Las Vegas resort complex, using all the money and management skill you can. Customers on the living, breathing Las Vegas boulevard are Notoriously hard to satisfy - can you win the hearts and wallets of Vegas? Amazing real-time 3D graphics show off your resort to the max.","FlatOut is adrenaline-filled muscle car racing game packed with explosive physics, spectacular effects and graphics, innovative game play mechanics and good old fun! Eight players or AI cars on track for close pack racing Single player Career, Quick race and Time trial modes Multiplayer mayhem with up to 8 players 16 different fully...","FlatOut is adrenaline-filled muscle car racing game packed with explosive physics, spectacular effects and graphics, innovative game play mechanics and good old fun! Eight players or AI cars on track for close pack racing Single player Career, Quick race and Time trial modes Multiplayer mayhem with up to 8 players 16 different fully...","Making History&amp;reg; delivers the open-ended gameplay of strategy-game classics, but with compelling new economic, military, and diplomatic systems and deep research that lets you play with real historical challenges.","Making History&amp;reg; delivers the open-ended gameplay of strategy-game classics, but with compelling new economic, military, and diplomatic systems and deep research that lets you play with real historical challenges.","Feel the rush of motorcycle racing with Ducati World Championship. Select your machine from over 70 original Ducati models, perfectly simulated replicas of the real thing. With Ducati World Championship you don't have to settle on one model - you can have them all!","Dreamfall: The Longest Journey, winner of multiple E3 awards as the best game in its genre, is the continuation of a saga that began in the award-winning The Longest Journey, considered to be one of the finest adventure games ever made.","The Longest Journey is an amazing graphical adventure, where the player controls the protagonist, April Ryan, on her journey between parallel universes. Embark on an exciting and original journey of discovery, where you will explore, solve puzzles, meet new people, face terrifying monsters, learn, grow, and live the adventure of a...","The Longest Journey is an amazing graphical adventure, where the player controls the protagonist, April Ryan, on her journey between parallel universes. Embark on an exciting and original journey of discovery, where you will explore, solve puzzles, meet new people, face terrifying monsters, learn, grow, and live the adventure of a...","Bloodline Champions is a Free-to-Play online PvP Arena game where players engage in short, intense battles of up to ten players divided into two teams. Each player takes control over one of several bloodlines, each with their own unique weapons and abilities. Easy to learn, challenging to master.","Joint Task Force is the real-time strategy (RTS) game where you command the frontline forces in tomorrow's most hazardous conflicts. Lead twenty dramatic missions in explosive war-zones including the Middle East, Central Asia, and the Balkans.","Joint Task Force is the real-time strategy (RTS) game where you command the frontline forces in tomorrow's most hazardous conflicts. Lead twenty dramatic missions in explosive war-zones including the Middle East, Central Asia, and the Balkans.","At the dawn of the 22nd century, the conquest of space and the colonization of the solar system is being monopolized by several huge and ambitious mega-corporations. Although extremely delicate and vulnerable, a balance is maintained by these companies.","Driven to the brink of extinction on ice-covered wastelands, humankind fights to survive. Battle to survive against gargantuan alien Akrid and treacherous Snow Pirates on the vast and frozen landscape of EDN III. With no allies at your side, the only thing you can trust is your instincts.","Dante's past is now revealed as Devil May Cry returns to its roots. Master Dante's multiple fighting styles while battling never before seen demons and new characters as you fight your way towards a brutal confrontation with Dante's mysterious twin brother, Vergil.","Driven to the brink of extinction on ice-covered wastelands, humankind fights to survive. Battle to survive against gargantuan alien Akrid and treacherous Snow Pirates on the vast and frozen landscape of EDN III. With no allies at your side, the only thing you can trust is your instincts.","Bullet Candy is a fast paced, action packed arena shooter. There are a variety of combo systems and many secret techniques that you can employ to get the best score and weapon upgrades possible. Viewed from a top-down perspective, Bullet Candy allows for a true 360° shoot-em-up experience.","Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a real-time tactics game set in World War II that puts you in command of a small squad of elite troopers. Send them behind enemy lines on a series of hazardous missions, and bring them back alive. Clever strategy has never been so furiously action-packed.","You have been selected for active service in the Commandos Corps, and must now mobilize in a series of 8 new dangerous missions. You may come with experience of action 'Behind Enemy Lines' or perhaps you are just a rookie - whatever you are, you will be given the opportunity to push your daring and tactical ability to the limit.",Commandos 2: Men of Courage is a tactical action/strategy game set against the backdrop of World War II. Take control of an elite group of commandos who must venture deep into enemy territory and utilize their combined expertise to complete a series of mission-based objectives.,"Commandos 3: Destination Berlin is a game of real-time tactics that places you in command of an elite unit of Special Forces behind enemy lines in the European theater of World War II. From the shores of France to the heart of the Third Reich, strike fast from land or sea infiltrating hostile territories and conducting raids to disrupt...","Enter the realm of a retired assassin, forced back into action by treason. You may be a hired killer but you still have a sense of loyalty and justice. Visit the dark recesses of a world corrupted by crime, greed, degradation and dishonor. And a past that catches up with you.","Money Talks. Silence Pays. Prepare to Make a Killing. When assassins from Agent 47's contract agency, The ICA, are eliminated in a series of hits, it seems a larger, more powerful agency has entered the fray. Sensing he may be a target, 47 travels to America, and prepares to make a killing.","Battlestations: Midway is an immense action game that drops players into massive air, sea, and undersea battles from Pearl Harbor to the Battle of Midway.","Your world...Your rules! In Just Cause, you are a Latin field operative and specialist in regime change backed by top secret US government agency who will overthrow the corrupt government of San Esperito.","As the enigmatic Hitman, you must use stealth and tactical problem solving to enter, execute and exit your assignment with minimum attention and maximum effectiveness. For a price, you have access to the most devious devices, but how you use them will determine if you retire as a millionaire or get permanently retired.","The year is 2052 and the world is a dangerous and chaotic place. Terrorists operate openly - killing thousands; drugs, disease and pollution kill even more. The world's economies are close to collapse and the gap between the insanely wealthy and the desperately poor grows ever wider.","Approximately 20 years after the events depicted in Deus Ex, The World is only beginning to recover from a Catastrophic worldwide depression. In the Chaotic period of recovery, several religious and political factions see an opportunity to re-shape a worldwide government to their agendas, understanding that the right moves now could...","Your world...Your rules! In Just Cause, you are a Latin field operative and specialist in regime change backed by top secret US government agency who will overthrow the corrupt government of San Esperito.","Battlestations: Midway is an immense action game that drops players into massive air, sea, and undersea battles from Pearl Harbor to the Battle of Midway.","Money Talks. Silence Pays. Prepare to Make a Killing. When assassins from Agent 47's contract agency, The ICA, are eliminated in a series of hits, it seems a larger, more powerful agency has entered the fray. Sensing he may be a target, 47 travels to America, and prepares to make a killing.","You are Garrett, the master thief. Rarely seen and never caught, Garrett is the best that ever was. Able to sneak past any guard, pick any lock, and break into the most ingeniously secured residences. Garrett steals from the wealthy and gives to himself, making his living in the dark and foreboding City.","The gaming world's sexiest and most intrepid adventurer makes her triumphant return in Lara Croft Tomb Raider: Legend! Follow Lara down a path of discovery as she travels the globe to remote, exotic locales in search of one of history's greatest artifacts that unleash unwelcome figures from Lara's mysterious past.","Experience the dramatic intensity of the frontlines of a war through the eyes of the first of a new breed of super soldiers in this gritty and epic first-person action game. An augmented super-soldier must stop a renegade regime from eradicating the civilized world. Hong Kong, 2065. 2nd Lt.","Nu Earth: a poisoned planet where endless war rages between the Norts and the Southers. A futile struggle on a hostile planet with no end in sight. But there are tales of a lone warrior. A man who knows no allegiance, the Rogue Trooper!","The gaming world's sexiest and most intrepid adventurer makes her triumphant return in Lara Croft Tomb Raider: Legend! Follow Lara down a path of discovery as she travels the globe to remote, exotic locales in search of one of history's greatest artifacts that unleash unwelcome figures from Lara's mysterious past.","Experience the dramatic intensity of the frontlines of a war through the eyes of the first of a new breed of super soldiers in this gritty and epic first-person action game. An augmented super-soldier must stop a renegade regime from eradicating the civilized world. Hong Kong, 2065. 2nd Lt.","Step into the role of an aspiring martial-arts master and follow the path of the open palm or the closed fist. In this multi-award-winning action-RPG, your choices and actions will determine the fate of the entire Jade Empire. Will you prevent the destruction of this beautiful land, or will you crush it beneath your heel?",TrackMania is the most entertaining car racing game ever. Millions of players play it in single or multiplayer modes. TrackMania United Forever is the ultimate TrackMania edition thanks to the numerous additions and innovations it has to offer.,"New York, 2000......Without knowing how or why, Brian, a student on the verge of graduating from college, is attacked by Mafia gangsters. During his desperate getaway, in the company of a mysterious striptease dancer, he ends up meeting a wide range of unusual characters.","Travel to the four corners of the world with Brian and Gina in a crazy story packed full of surprises. Pirates, spies, surfers, soldiers, and even aliens get in on the act - all combining to create a wonderfully rewarding experience to savour and remember forever!","Travel to the four corners of the world with Brian and Gina in a crazy story packed full of surprises. Pirates, spies, surfers, soldiers, and even aliens get in on the act - all combining to create a wonderfully rewarding experience to savour and remember forever!","A fantasy voyage through the great mythologies, Loki allows the player to take on the role of one of the four heroes of the game, each drawn from a different mythology: a mighty Norse fighter, a fierce Greek warrior, a powerful Egyptian magician or an Aztec shaman who masters the secrets of the spirit world.","A fantasy voyage through the great mythologies, Loki allows the player to take on the role of one of the four heroes of the game, each drawn from a different mythology: a mighty Norse fighter, a fierce Greek warrior, a powerful Egyptian magician or an Aztec shaman who masters the secrets of the spirit world.","The Sherlock Holmes series returns with this updated version of The Awakened, which brings a whole new dimension to the original title developed by Frogwares. Keeping with the traditional Point &amp;amp; Click gameplay style of the original adventure games, The Awakened has been totally rethought, offering players a new third-person view...","Trapped in a magical puzzle book, the adventurous Titus needs your help to release him from his spell. To do this, you must solve the tricky puzzles of Azada&amp;trade;. Crack the series of puzzles and fill in the missing pages of the enchanted book to free Titus from his prison. Loads of unique puzzles to solve.","In X-Blades, the player takes on the role of the enchanting heroine Ayumi, who survives a breathtaking dance of blades through the Hordes of Darkness. The long-haired beautiful anime, with her pistol blades and mind-blowing leaps, whirls and swirls from one fantastic level to the next.",Check out the new Velvet Edition bundle including both Two Worlds II and Pirates of the Flying Fortress DLC.,"While the bloody battle between Gandohar’s troops and the armies of the Orcs is raging in front of the gates of Oswaroth, the emperor waits in the depths of his palace on the outcome of the struggle for power.","Sid Meier's Railroads! marks the return of the watershed title in simulation/strategy gaming that launched the popular &amp;quot;tycoon&amp;quot; genre, and inspired a new generation of games. Sid Meier's Railroads!","Railroad Tycoon 3 features 25 scenarios challenging players to recreate magnificent feats of railroading history from around the world. Players can lay track (including tunnels and overpasses), pick from over 40 locomotives from early steams to modern bullets, choose to haul over 35 types of cargo in a dynamic economy, and participate in...",Includes Railroad Tycoon II and the expansion The Second Century It can take you from New York to South Africa. It can take you from the year 1804 to the year 2000. It can take you from penniless manual laborer to powerful multi-millionaire.,"The war continues... X-COM: UFO Defense brought you to a galactic battlefield. X-COM: Terror from the Deep brings the alien terror into a totally new dimension. Seeking to take advantage of a weakened Earth, X-COM's deep space foes unexpectedly change strategy and launch a powerful second front against planet Earth.","There's something evil in the city tonight... Earth has been ravaged by human excess, petty conflict and alien invasion. The world's population has been herded into huge cities, the first of which was Mega Primus. 2084: A Utopia shattered, social collapse and civil unrest reigns in Mega Primus. Fiendish aliens terrorize the city.","BioShock is a shooter unlike any you've ever played, loaded with weapons and tactics never seen. You'll have a complete arsenal at your disposal from simple revolvers to grenade launchers and chemical throwers, but you'll also be forced to genetically modify your DNA to create an even more deadly weapon: you.","BioShock is a shooter unlike any you've ever played, loaded with weapons and tactics never seen. You'll have a complete arsenal at your disposal from simple revolvers to grenade launchers and chemical throwers, but you'll also be forced to genetically modify your DNA to create an even more deadly weapon: you.","They're back...only this time the heinous aliens are out to destroy Earth and rule the new frontier. As X-COM commander, it's your sole duty to protect humanity and the prized mining operations in outer space.",You are in control of X-COM: an organization formed by the world's governments to fight the ever-increasing alien menace. Features: Command deadly close-combat battles Shooting down UFOs is just the beginning: you must then lead a squad of heavily-armed soldiers across different terrains as they investigate the UFO crash site.,X-COM: Earth's top-secret eXtraterrestrial COMbat unit The Place: America - early 21st century The Mission: Eradicate the extraterrestrials Alien forces have invaded Earth and are terrorizing the population.,"Men of War is a stunning Real-Time Strategy game that takes place during the height of World War II. Intense battles span Europe and North Africa as gamers play as Soviet, Allied or German forces across 19 massive single-player missions.","Do you have what it takes to Survive? Death Track: Resurrection is a racing/action title that takes players into a post-apocalyptic, not-too-distant future where traditional sports have been replaced by far more violent entertainment.","War is Hell. NecroVision is a first-person shooter that takes gamers across the frantic battlegrounds of World War I and into a dark underworld of vampires, demons and dark magic.","Men of War is a stunning Real-Time Strategy game that takes place during the height of World War II. Intense battles span Europe and North Africa as gamers play as Soviet, Allied or German forces across 19 massive single-player missions.","The new action-thriller from the award-winning team at Infinity Ward, the creators of the Call of Duty® series, delivers the most intense and cinematic action experience ever. Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare arms gamers with an arsenal of advanced and powerful modern day firepower and transports them to the most treacherous hotspots...",Your Trophy Buck is Waiting! Experience fast paced hunting action in pursuit of record trophy bucks across 24 state and provinces in North America. Gameplay starts at the most critical and exciting parts of each hunting mission where you are immediately presented with a challenge.,"Tomb Raider: Anniversary retraces Lara Croft's original genre-defining adventure  globe-trotting 3rd person action-adventure in pursuit of the legendary Scion artifact. Using an enhanced 'Tomb Raider: Legend' game engine, the graphics, technology and physics bring Lara's adventure and pursuit of a mystical artifact known only as the...","Tomb Raider: Anniversary retraces Lara Croft's original genre-defining adventure  globe-trotting 3rd person action-adventure in pursuit of the legendary Scion artifact. Using an enhanced 'Tomb Raider: Legend' game engine, the graphics, technology and physics bring Lara's adventure and pursuit of a mystical artifact known only as the...","The greatest football management sim returns... Think you can do better? It's your decisions that count: your budget, your buys, your formation, your tactics...your chance to prove it! Use your skills and knowledge to manage your club the way you feel it should be - now it's your turn.","Think you can do better? It's your decisions that count: your budget, your buys, your formation, your tactics... your chance to prove it! Use your skills and knowledge to manage your club the way you feel it should be - now it's your turn. All football fans around the world, believe they know more about football than anybody else.","Kane and Lynch: Dead Men is the new action shooter franchise by Io-Interactive, creators of the multi-million selling Hitman series. Kane &amp;amp; Lynch: Dead Men follows the violent and chaotic journey of two men - a flawed mercenary and a medicated psychopath - and their brutal attitude towards right and wrong.","*This is a single player only title*Venezuela is left in a state of civil war after the government was brutally overthrown by a military coup. With factions fighting to reinstate democracy, the U.S. government has offered their assistance, though the new government regime has threatened to deploy nuclear weapons if the U.S.","*This is a single player only title*Venezuela is left in a state of civil war after the government was brutally overthrown by a military coup. With factions fighting to reinstate democracy, the U.S. government has offered their assistance, though the new government regime has threatened to deploy nuclear weapons if the U.S.","Tomb Raider: Underworld represents a new advancement in exploration-based gameplay. As fearless adventurer Lara Croft explore exotic locations around the world, each designed with an incredible attention to detail resulting in breathtaking high-definition visual fidelity that creates a truly believable world and delivers a new level of...","Tomb Raider: Underworld represents a new advancement in exploration-based gameplay. As fearless adventurer Lara Croft explore exotic locations around the world, each designed with an incredible attention to detail resulting in breathtaking high-definition visual fidelity that creates a truly believable world and delivers a new level of...","Experience one war through two epic sagas where you will be a part of history or change it. Feel the power of the historically authentic and decisive battles of the Pacific War. Relive some of the grandest and most critical naval battles of recent history and for the first time, choose to lead your fleet to a completely different ending...","Experience one war through two epic sagas where you will be a part of history or change it. Feel the power of the historically authentic and decisive battles of the Pacific War. Relive some of the grandest and most critical naval battles of recent history and for the first time, choose to lead your fleet to a completely different ending...",Dive into an adrenaline-fuelled free-roaming adventure with 400 square miles of rugged terrain and hundreds of weapons and vehicles.,Sam &amp;amp; Max: Episode 1 - Culture Shock - The former child stars of the Soda Poppers TV show are wreaking havoc all over the neighborhood! But this is no ordinary tale of child stars gone awry. There's a dark force behind the Poppers' baffling antics.,Sam &amp;amp; Max: Episode 2 - Situation: Comedy - Talk show host Myra Stump has gone berzerk! Sam &amp;amp; Max head down to the WARP TV studio to find out why she's holding her audience hostage. But getting onto Myra's stage isn't going to be easy. First the Freelance Police will have to prove they're worthy of fifteen minutes of fame.,"Sam &amp;amp; Max Episode 3 - The Mole, The Mob, and The Meatball - The commissioner is looking into an underground operation at the Ted E. Bear Mafia-Free Playland and Casino, but the mole he sent in has suddenly gone quiet. To find the mole, Sam &amp;amp; Max must infiltrate the operation and become members of the Toy Mafia themselves.","Sam &amp;amp; Max Episode 4 - Abe Lincoln Must Die - The president's lost it. Federally mandated group hugs, a pudding embargo... what's next, gun control? Sam &amp;amp; Max are off to Washington to take care of this bozo, but the political climate will only get stormier... and a new power will rise...","With an internet crisis looming and a viral video game holding its players hostage, Sam &amp;amp; Max will need to slip into a new reality to set things right. But can the Freelance Police crack this virtual case in time to avoid worldwide system failure?One of six self-contained cases with an overarching story arc.","Sam &amp;amp; Max: Episode 6 - Bright Side of the Moon - What started out as a local mind-control scheme has grown to global proportions, and Sam &amp;amp; Max are off to the moon to save the entire planet from a lifetime of hypnotic enslavement. But when chaos collides with tranquility, have the Freelance Police finally met their match?","He's the most ancient and powerful opponent they've ever faced, a hairy, bloated, pagan God - Santa Claus! With Christmas presents on the attack and carols of gunshots drowning out the bells, Sam &amp;amp; Max must storm the North Pole to bring down a less-than-jolly foe.",A surprise trip to the tropics turns into a working vacation when Sam &amp;amp; Max sign up to stop a massive volcano eruption. Will their special blend of bewildering wit and renegade justice be enough to win over the gods? (Not to mention the locals?,Zombie attack! Droves of undead are converging in the streets. Now Sam &amp;amp; Max must confront their leader - a Eurotrash vampire with a style all his own. Are the Freelance Police cool enough to outsmart this emo before his flesh-eating army usurps the western world?,"Bosco's vanished from the face of the Earth - literally! When Sam &amp;amp; Max manage to track him down, what they find is so mind boggling, you'll have to see it to believe it. Can the Freelance Police set things right, or will life as they know it fall victim to the capricious whims of T-H-E-M?","Judgment day is at hand, and its time for a showdown with the guy downstairs to bargain for Bosco's soul. But in the corporate wasteland known as Hell, not even the Freelance Police are safe from eternal damnation. Can Sam &amp;amp; Max fight free from Satan's grasp, or have they reached the end of the line?","After an attack by a swarm of locusts leaves Fone Bone lost in the mountains, he sets out to find his cousins, with a little help from a mysterious red dragon, a couple of talking bugs, and a pretty girl named Thorn. But with hungry rat creatures on his tail, will Fone Bone ever make his way back to Boneville?","It's spring fair time and The Great Cow Race is about to begin! Play carnival games. Write love poetry. Outsmart a really big bee. Cheat the locals out of their hard-earned eggs. Bang on some pots and pans. Escape from an angry mob. Oh, and dress up like a cow. (Not necessarily in that order.","Join poker's most outspoken players for a hand of Telltale Texas Hold'em, the card game stacked high with personality. Quips will fly, chips will fall, and you may just end up rolling in the aisles.This is your chance to play in a poker tournament against four characters of such lethal absurdity, you'll either die laughing or die trying.",Enjoy Strong Bad's wacky comedic adventures over 5 full episodes!,,,,,"Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved is a old school style shooter, but remixed for the 21st century with next generation graphics and deep, modern gameplay. Playing is simple: you are a geometric &amp;quot;ship&amp;quot; trapped in a grid world, facing off against waves of deadly wanderers, snakes, and repulsars.","EVE Online is a game where history is written by the players in a universe of unrivaled beauty, depth and opportunity. Become one with your ship and embark on a story of industry, exploration and conquest as you weave your legend into the fabric of New Eden.","UpdateSimBin Studios expands the hit racing game, RACE 07 with the Andy Priaulx Crowne Plaza Raceway free add-on. Free for owners of RACE 07, this add-on features a brand new island track and new cars from triple World Champion Andy Priaulx in his BMW 320si WTCC and Fabrizio Giovanardi in his Vauxhall Vectra VXR.Real Cars, Real Racing...",The RACE On expansion includes all the cars and circuits from the epic WTCC 2008 season. It also adds a massive selection of US Muscle cars and circuits to the...,"Blue skies and white beaches frame the mystical Andy Priaulx Crowne Plaza Raceway, a unique challenge even for a World Champion. Designed to challenge the best, the island track weaves its way past palm trees and luxury hotels. Can YOU master it?","49 unique cars in 12 classes – over 500 combinations.The most beautiful GT’s. Extreme versions of the already spectacular World Touring Cars. Exclusive road cars from prestigious brands.You will find that and much more in GTR Evolution, including the legendary Nürburgring Nordschleife, the fabled 22,8km long racetrack in Germany.","STCC The Game is the official game of “STCC - Swedish Touring Car Championship”, the largest and most prestigious motorsport championship in Scandinavia.The game includes all cars and tracks from the 2008 season; seven Swedish and Norwegian tracks like Mantorp Park, Knutstorp Ring, Våler Track and the world exclusive city racetrack Eco...","STCC The Game is the official game of “STCC - Swedish Touring Car Championship”, the largest and most prestigious motorsport championship in Scandinavia.The game includes all cars and tracks from the 2008 season; seven Swedish and Norwegian tracks like Mantorp Park, Knutstorp Ring, Våler Track and the world exclusive city racetrack Eco...","49 unique cars in 12 classes – over 500 combinations.The most beautiful GT’s. Extreme versions of the already spectacular World Touring Cars. Exclusive road cars from prestigious brands.You will find that and much more in GTR Evolution, including the legendary Nürburgring Nordschleife, the fabled 22,8km long racetrack in Germany.",The RACE On expansion includes all the cars and circuits from the epic WTCC 2008 season. It also adds a massive selection of US Muscle cars and circuits to the...,The Game That Revolutionized the Racing Genre.,Sid Meier's Civilization IV®: Beyond the Sword is the second expansion pack for Civilization IV - the 2005 PC Game of the Year that has become a worldwide hit. The expansion focuses on the time periods after the invention of gunpowder and delivers 11 unique and challenging scenarios created by the development team at Firaxis as well as...,Sid Meier's Civilization IV®: Beyond the Sword is the second expansion pack for Civilization IV - the 2005 PC Game of the Year that has become a worldwide hit. The expansion focuses on the time periods after the invention of gunpowder and delivers 11 unique and challenging scenarios created by the development team at Firaxis as well as...,"Set approximately 10 years after the events of the original BioShock, the halls of Rapture once again echo with sins of the past. Along the Atlantic coastline, a monster has been snatching little girls and bringing them back to the undersea city of Rapture.","Indebted to the wrong people, with his life on the line, veteran of the U.S. Cavalry and now hired gun, Booker DeWitt has only one opportunity to wipe his slate clean. He must rescue Elizabeth, a mysterious girl imprisoned since childhood and locked up in the flying city of Columbia.","From a distant corner of the galaxy, an evil alien race sets in motion a sinister plan to conquer the Earth. They unleash a powerful catalyst — Energy X — that imbues the planet's worst miscreants with super-powers to bring the planet to its knees. Now Earth's only hope lies with a new breed of heroes... The Freedom Force!","Freedom is threatened yet again and only Minute Man and his heroic Freedom Force can save the day in the follow up to one of the most critically acclaimed games of 2002. Freedom Force vs. the Third Reich brings dynamic storytelling, fast-paced tactical role-play, and larger-than-life characters from the comic book pages to the computer...","From a distant corner of the galaxy, an evil alien race sets in motion a sinister plan to conquer the Earth. They unleash a powerful catalyst — Energy X — that imbues the planet's worst miscreants with super-powers to bring the planet to its knees. Now Earth's only hope lies with a new breed of heroes... The Freedom Force!","Freedom is threatened yet again and only Minute Man and his heroic Freedom Force can save the day in the follow up to one of the most critically acclaimed games of 2002. Freedom Force vs. the Third Reich brings dynamic storytelling, fast-paced tactical role-play, and larger-than-life characters from the comic book pages to the computer...","Create, discover, and download new player-created maps, scenarios, interfaces, and more!","Axel and Pixel are trapped in a beautiful but dangerous dream world. If they plan to get out they must solve its mysteries. Drawn by hand and rendered in full high-definition, Axel &amp; Pixel is a unique journey through an artist's dream.","Lock, Load, &amp;amp; Face the MadnessGet ready for the mind blowing insanity! Play as one of four trigger-happy mercenaries and take out everything that stands in your way!With its addictive action, frantic first-person shooter combat, massive arsenal of weaponry, RPG elements and four-player co-op*, Borderlands is a breakthrough experience...","Lock, Load, &amp;amp; Face the MadnessGet ready for the mind blowing insanity! Play as one of four trigger-happy mercenaries and take out everything that stands in your way!With its addictive action, frantic first-person shooter combat, massive arsenal of weaponry, RPG elements and four-player co-op*, Borderlands is a breakthrough experience...","It's World War II and you are B.J. Blazkowicz, the Allies' most valuable agent. In the midst of the German Blitzkrieg, the Spear that pierced the side of Christ is taken from Versailles by the Nazis and secured in the impregnable Castle Wolfenstein. According to legend, no man can be defeated when he has the Spear.","World War II rages and nations fall. SS head Himmler has Hitler's full backing to twist science and the occult into an army capable of annihilating the Allies once and for all. Battling alone, you're on an intense mission to pierce the black heart of the Third Reich and stop Himmler -- or die trying.","TWO NEW EPISODES. SIXTEEN NEW LEVELS. ONE WAY OUT. Your journey has led you down a path of no return. The acrid smell of death fills the air. And you know the road ahead may lead to your grave. But Quake, with his insidious, apocalyptic plans, must be crushed. If you fail, evil will shroud the universe for all eternity.","After defeating Shub-Niggurath, you arrive back at your home base on Earth, but it's not all blue skies and butterflies. Apparently, not all QUAKE forces have been subdued. Chaos ensues as you blast your way through the QUAKE minions and toward the infested gateway. Your only choice is to find the source of evil and shut it down.","A massive demonic invasion has overwhelmed the Union Aerospace Corporation's (UAC) Mars Research Facility, leaving only chaos and horror in its wake. As one of only a few survivors, you must fight your way to hell and back against a horde of evil monsters.","The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse lurk in the shadows before you. They are Death, Pestilence, Famine, and War. They are the root of all that is evil. They are the least of your worries. The last know Serpent Rider, Eidolon, lives.","The gripping expansion pack for DOOM 3 takes your even further into the the DOOM universe. Two years following the unexplained disaster on Mars, the UAC returns to the abandoned facility to investigate a mysterious beacon buried deep in the ruins of the ancient civilization.","Welcome to the Arena, where high-ranking warriors are transformed into spineless mush. Abandoning every ounce of common sense and any trace of doubt, you lunge onto a stage of harrowing landscapes and veiled abysses.","Never before have the forces aligned. United by name and by cause, The Fallen, Pagans, Crusaders, Intruders, and Stroggs must channel their power into an allied operation where teamwork is the only method of mass destruction. Four distinct games test each troop's synthesis and strength to exacting degrees.","The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse lurk in the shadows before you. They are Death, Pestilence, Famine, and War. They are the root of all that is evil. They are the least of your worries. The last know Serpent Rider, Eidolon, lives.","Shortly after landing on an alien surface, you learn that hundreds of your men have been reduced to just a few. Now you must fight your way through heavily fortified military installations, lower the city's defenses and shut down the enemy's war machine. Only then will the fate of humanity be known.","Introducing the Master Levels for DOOM II. Twenty never-before-seen levels all with the same acid drenched, hell spawned horror of the originals. Each was created by independent designers and supervised by the demented minds of id Software. You might as well forget about seeing the light of day ever again.","Commander Keen: Invasion of the Vorticons: Episode 1: Marooned on Mars (Dec. 14th 1990) Episode 2: The Earth Explodes (1991) Episode 3: Keen Must Die! (1991) Commander Keen's very first adventure, and the debut of id's groundbreaking side-scrolling technology.","Powered by id’s revolutionary id Tech® 5 technology, RAGE is an intense first-person shooter with breakneck vehicle combat, an expansive world to explore, and jaw-dropping graphics!","Delivering a visceral WWII gaming experience, Company of Heroes redefines real time strategy gaming by bringing the sacrifice of heroic soldiers, war-ravaged environments, and dynamic battlefields to life.","This expansion adds all-new units and strategies to the exciting gameplay offered by Dawn of War. The Imperial Guard brings new weaponry, including heavy armor, new troop units as well as defensive and ranged tactics overwhelming numbers. Coupled with new abilities, this fighting force is as lethal as they come.","Prepare yourself for the grim, dark future of the 41st millennium, where alien races battle mankind for galactic domination in a universe of unending war. Personalize your armies with a revolutionary unit customization tool that gives you the ability to choose your armies insignias, banners, squad colors and names.","Prepare yourself for the grim, dark future of the 41st millennium, where alien races battle mankind for galactic domination in a universe of unending war. Personalize your armies with a revolutionary unit customization tool that gives you the ability to choose your armies insignias, banners, squad colors and names.","The next chapter in the #1 rated RTS franchise thrusts players into a hellish war torn landscape to command two battle-hardened armies in relentless campaigns for honor and country. Players lead the tenacious British 2nd Army during the heroic World War II liberation of Caen, France, and command the German Panzer Elite as they struggle...","For a thousand years, three opposing forces have waged war for what they believe is true. There can be no room for compromise: their way is the only way. Dubbed The Infinite War, this devastating conflict has taken its toll on a once-peaceful galaxy and has only served to deepen the hatred between the factions.","The last days of man are at hand.. Two years after the Infinite War the once great warring nations now lie in ruins, and humanity’s hope for a brighter future is nothing but a bitter memory. A new, seemingly unstoppable enemy, supported by the zealots of The Order, now seeks to eradicate mankind: UEF, Aeon Loyalist, and Cybran alike.","The third and final expansion to the genre-defining and critically-acclaimed RTS, Dawn of War. In Soulstorm, two new armies are introduced – Sisters of Battle and Dark Eldar - raising the total number of playable armies to nine.","The third and final expansion to the genre-defining and critically-acclaimed RTS, Dawn of War. In Soulstorm, two new armies are introduced – Sisters of Battle and Dark Eldar - raising the total number of playable armies to nine.","Frontlines™: Fuel of War™ is an open-world First Person Shooter set on the frontlines of tomorrow. In a world ravaged by a global energy crisis, environmental decay, and economic depression, players assume the role of an elite soldier in the Western Coalition Army on an epic crusade against the Red Star Alliance to control the last of...","Saints Row 2 brings true freedom to open-world gaming. Players can play as who they want, how they want, and with whomever they want in this sequel to the much acclaimed and tremendously successful Saints Row.","Gish isn't your average hero. In fact, he's not your average anything...you see, Gish is a ball of tar. A Sunday stroll with his lady friend, Brea, goes awry when a shadowy figure emerges from an open manhole and pulls Brea below ground.","Gish isn't your average hero. In fact, he's not your average anything...you see, Gish is a ball of tar. A Sunday stroll with his lady friend, Brea, goes awry when a shadowy figure emerges from an open manhole and pulls Brea below ground.","Desperados 2 is the sequel to the successful wild west title Desperados - Wanted Dead or Alive. The gameplay is based on its predecessor but with brand new tactical possibilities in a beautiful 3D environment. Switch from an isometric view to a third person view whenever you want; for example, for duels, brawls and shoot-outs.","Here's your chance to make it big in the Big Apple... New York City, the city that never sleeps! Go for broke building your own Manhattan empire, creating and customizing over 100 types of major businesses: run a hot nightclub, oversee a media conglomerate, open a lucrative Broadway theater - the choices are endless.","The highly anticipated sequel to the critically acclaimed game Act of War: Direct Action picks up where the techno-thriller left off. On the eve of the U.S. Presidential elections, simultaneous terrorist attacks hit both candidates. Clues point to corrupt elements within the U.S.","Smersh is Russian for &amp;quot;Death to Spies&amp;quot; and was the name of a set of counterintelligence agencies formed in the Soviet Army during World War II. Their mission was to secure the rear of the active Red Army by arresting traitors, deserters, spies and criminal cells.","Tempelhof, Berlin, dawn of 8th April 1949.A major armed conflict is brewing between the Western powers and the Soviet bloc. The Red Army has been growing ever stronger since the end of World War II. With the growth of their army the Soviets realize that they hold the advantage, and are only waiting for the right moment to attack.","Grab your cape and defend Millennium City in this comic book-style action MMORPG! Design your hero and costume from thousands of costume pieces, face super-villains like Dr. Destroyer, and create your own unique nemesis.","In Star Trek Online, the Star Trek universe appears for the first time on a truly massive scale. Players take the captain's chair as they command their own starship and crew. Explore strange new worlds, seek out new life and new civilizations, and boldly go where no one has gone before.","Test Drive Unlimited 2 transforms the driving genre, adding the persistency, progression and customization of the latest multiplayer games to the auto racing experience. Test Drive Unlimited 2 blends single player and multiplayer experiences seamlessly, creating a dynamic world of evolving content and challenges.","In Blade Kitten, join Kit Ballard as she explores the mysterious world of Hollow Wish to hunt down rogue mechs and soft targets.","In Blade Kitten, join Kit Ballard as she explores the mysterious world of Hollow Wish to hunt down rogue mechs and soft targets.","Dare to be scared! After 30 years, Atari's classic groundbreaking game is back - with all-new scream-worthy chills and thrills!",Engage in epic dogfights and aerial assaults against the onslaught of the evil Zylons.,"The UnderGarden is a casual Zen game that challenges players to explore beautiful underground caverns filled with strange life forms, sound, music and plenty of hidden secrets. Casual gamers with an affinity towards puzzle games will enjoy The UnderGarden’s modern exploration quest filled with brain teasing games that combine state of...","Ghostbusters: Sanctum of Slime Challenge Pack brings hours of a new single player experience to this ghost-hunting adventure. With all-new two game modes, Lonely Hero and Arcade Challenge, you won't put the controller down!","Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced.","Seven classic games in one collection. Celebrate the golden age of adventure games all over again with the return of King's Quest.The bravest knight in all of Daventry, Sir Graham, is appointed by the dying king to embark on a Quest for the Crown.","Experience a blast from the past with the complete, completely twisted Space Quest Collection.","3, 2, 1 Blast-Off! Launch yourself into the intense space-shooter Aces of the Galaxy&amp;trade; &amp;#151; A non-stop, old-school arcade thrill-ride for the 21st century and beyond. Utilize an impressive arsenal of upgradeable weapons including high powered missile launchers, devastating torpedoes and the ever-reliant chain gun to annihilate the...","Master time to become the ultimate weapon! Dr. Aiden Krone has made a Time Jump across the space-time continuum - a reckless act with frightening consequences. Now, a disturbing alternate reality has evolved within the bleak and rain-soaked Alpha District.","Whether you're a seasoned player or just a beginner, get ready to tee off for a quick and fun match with four animated stylish characters. Putt your way through 36 fun-filled holes of minigolf on 3D designed courses with elevated greens, bunkers, bridges and water hazards, among other crazy obstacles.","You are the Prototype, Alex Mercer, a man without memory armed with amazing shape-shifting abilities, hunting your way to the heart of the conspiracy which created you; making those responsible pay. Fast &amp;amp; Deadly Shape-Shifting Combat: Reconfigure your body to the situation at hand.","Wolfenstein takes players deep into the heart of the Reich, where experiments with a dark force known as the Black Sun threaten to embolden the Nazis with unimaginable powers. There's only one man for a job of this magnitude: special agent B.J. Blazkowicz!","The most-anticipated game of the year and the sequel to the best-selling first-person action game of all time, Modern Warfare 2 continues the gripping and heart-racing action as players face off against a new threat dedicated to bringing the world to the brink of collapse.","The most-anticipated game of the year and the sequel to the best-selling first-person action game of all time, Modern Warfare 2 continues the gripping and heart-racing action as players face off against a new threat dedicated to bringing the world to the brink of collapse.","5 additional action-packed multiplayer maps, including brand-new battlegrounds and legendary fan-favorites from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare","The best-selling first-person action game of all time gets even bigger with more epic new multiplayer content! The Modern Warfare 2 Resurgence Pack delivers five incredible new multiplayer maps. Take the action to exciting new locations, then battle across legendary landscapes from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare.","Good or Insane? The choice is yours. Following the Apocalyptic end to the Postal Dude’s week in Paradise, we follow him and his insane pitbull Champ as they emigrate to its appropriately named sister city, Catharsis.","The remote hotel stands atop an ominous snow-peaked mountain, and death permeates every inch of the place. A crime has been committed here obviously, and the remote nature of the retreat means that the culprit is still roaming the halls. Which of the guests is capable of this? Whose past hides sinister truths and who has the most to gain?","Operation Valkyrie is a famous plan of the German Resistance to overthrow the tyrannical Nazi government. Standartenfuhrer Gerhard Mayer, a patriot who works in Reich Security Head Office learns that Gestapo has tracked down the conspirators.","PT Boats is dedicated to a small group of little known but perhaps some of the most daring naval combatants of World War II: the torpedo boat crews. These ships are small, fast and agile, and extremely dangerous due to the on-board torpedo launchers. But they are also the most vulnerable of all military vessels.","“The seas can be dangerous, but when you’re in command of a crack strike boat crew…”. Deadly naval weapon of WWII is back with more campaigns, ore combat aircrafts, ships and even more fascinating gameplay. The original game “PT Boats: Knights of the Sea” has opened a new previously unknown aspect of naval battles in WWII.","A true reincarnation of the legendary series!The Almighty has turned away from Nevendaar and its denizens. He is busy thinking about the fate of the world. Above Nevendaar, rent by perpetual wars, a new star flashed out. What will it bring with it? Who will claim its great power? Immerse in the struggle of four powerful races!","The Club™, created by critically acclaimed developer Bizarre Creations, is a new breed of third-person shooter, combining fast-paced run and gun gameplay, destructive environments, and lethal weapons. You will fight to survive in a shadowy underground blood-sport controlled by a faceless, obscenely wealthy and influential elite who place...","Command the seas, control the land, forge a new nation, and conquer the globe.",Embrace the competitive spirit of the world's most prestigious sporting event and represent your country as you compete for the highest honor - the Gold. The game delivers a far more entertaining and immersive Olympic experience with superior graphics capturing the fine emotional detail of each event where a fraction of a second means...,"A game filled with heavy combat action, fast-paced tactics and decision making, Space Siege is an all-new science fiction themed action-RPG being developed by Chris Taylor and his talented team at Gas Powered Games, the creators of Dungeon Siege I &amp; II and Supreme Commander.","October 5, 2009 - Update The Empire Special Forces units are now available for sale separately as DLC for Empire: Total War. This DLC also includes three additional exclusive units, previously unavailable for sale.","Expand your Empire with downloadable content! The Elite Units of the West Downloadable Content for Empire: Total War™ introduces 14 completely unique brand new units from all the major Western factions. Featuring all new infantry and cavalry units, equipped with the best weapons and having undergone the most rigorous of training, the...","The official Empire: Total War™ Expansion A new detailed North American Campaign Map expands the Empire: Total War experience, with 5 brand new American Indian factions, new units and technologies. Experience battles in the new Warpath Campaign and lead one of the 5 new factions in an epic war to defend your lands and drive out the...","The Elite Units of America Downloadable Content for Empire: Total War™ adds 15 new elite units to the American, British and French factions of Empire: Total War. In the last half of the 18th century, the political upheaval from thirteen of British Colonies in North America ultimately led to the 1776 Declaration of Independence and...",The Elite Units of the East DLC for Empire: Total War™ adds 12 new elite units to the Maratha and Ottoman factions of Empire: Total War. Empire: Total War expands further East than any previous Total War game and this Downloadable Content includes the very best units from the Eastern lands.,"Command the seas, control the land, forge a new nation, and conquer the globe.","Survive, hunt and prey in the deadly jungles and swamps in distinctly new and thrilling first person gameplay.",Bring a whole new dimension to the action and excitement of Aliens vs. Predator with four all-new online maps. Two new Multiplayer maps for six different online modes: Docks: Horror comes from the deep at Weyland-Yutani’s abandoned dockyard.,"Welcome to the killing grounds of BG-386. Prove your skills on four new multiplayer maps spanning jungle swamps, Alien crashsites, industrial complexes and ancient temples. Your environment will be your deadliest enemy - constant rainstorms batter you, fog hides your predators with only a flash of lightning to show the way through.","A fantasy voyage through the great mythologies, Loki allows the player to take on the role of one of the four heroes of the game, each drawn from a different mythology: a mighty Norse fighter, a fierce Greek warrior, a powerful Egyptian magician or an Aztec shaman who masters the secrets of the spirit world.","A free game in the truest sense of the word, TrackMania Nations Forever lets you drive at mind-blowing speeds on fun and spectacular tracks in solo and multiplayer modes.TrackMania Nations Forever offers a new &amp;quot;Forever&amp;quot; version of the Stadium environment, a solid solo mode and 65 brand new, progressively challenging tracks.","This new Sherlock Holmes game sends us to 19th Century London where Arséne Lupin, a young French burglar with an impressive track record, has just challenged Scotland Yard and the most famous of detectives - Sherlock Holmes. This new adventure offers gamers tremendous freedom and an even stronger sense of involvement through real-time 3D.","Dracula: Origin reveals the dark origins of the Dracula curse. Once the ardent defender of Christendom, Dracula loses his faith in God when he is abandoned by his one true love after she marries. Dracula then makes a pact with the Prince of Darkness, and becomes a vampire.","This new Sherlock Holmes game sends us to 19th Century London where Arséne Lupin, a young French burglar with an impressive track record, has just challenged Scotland Yard and the most famous of detectives - Sherlock Holmes. This new adventure offers gamers tremendous freedom and an even stronger sense of involvement through real-time 3D.","Dracula: Origin reveals the dark origins of the Dracula curse. Once the ardent defender of Christendom, Dracula loses his faith in God when he is abandoned by his one true love after she marries. Dracula then makes a pact with the Prince of Darkness, and becomes a vampire.","Inspired by The adventures of Sherlock Holmes Written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. After Lord Montcalfe's death, his daughter Elisabeth turns to the famous detective Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery that surrounds her father's death.","The Sherlock Holmes series returns with this updated version of The Awakened, which brings a whole new dimension to the original title developed by Frogwares. Keeping with the traditional Point &amp;amp; Click gameplay style of the original adventure games, The Awakened has been totally rethought, offering players a new third-person view...","At a reception organised in honour of his daughter, Melvyn Bromsby, a rich tycoon, is about to make an important announcement concerning his future business affairs when, all of a sudden, a shot rings out. Sir Bromsby collapses, having suffered a mortal wound to the heart...","Hunker down at your London flat at 221b Baker St. The year is 1896, and Scotland Yard has called Sherlock Holmes with an urgent request for help. A young painter has been found murdered and rolled up in a remarkable Persian carpet.","Recognized as one of the best licenses in adventure gaming and lauded by the international press, Sherlock Holmes is back with an investigation that is sure to be the most horrifying of the series. In this great new adventure, the famous detective chases against the most threatening serial killer England has ever known - Jack the Ripper.","Surviving is only half the game. The award-winning atmosphere and gameplay mechanics of the original Shadowgrounds make a triumphant return in this spin off/sequel armed with a slick new feature set! Shadowgrounds Survivor tells the story of the last remaining humans on Jupiter's moon Ganymede, where the alien onslaught is in full force.","Somewhere in deep space, at an apparently abandoned mining base on the asteriod Alpha Prime, something has gone terribly wrong. Miners were warned that the hubbardium they were mining was too dangerous, but the lure of unimaginable wealth was too strong.","Surviving is only half the game. The award-winning atmosphere and gameplay mechanics of the original Shadowgrounds make a triumphant return in this spin off/sequel armed with a slick new feature set! Shadowgrounds Survivor tells the story of the last remaining humans on Jupiter's moon Ganymede, where the alien onslaught is in full force.","Test your reflexes, judgment and tactics while facing up to eight other players in this follow-up to the critically acclaimed and popular arcade game Gumboy: Crazy Adventures, winner of numerous accolades including Gametunnel's GAME OF THE YEAR 2006.","In the far future, humanity is ruled by The Ministry of Accounts, an oppressive bureaucracy that tracks, records and taxes every transaction of daily life. From the depths of Red Tape, a new breed of marketeer arises to challenge the authority and make a profit: the Space Trader is born!","On December 7, 1941, a major part of the U.S. Pacific navy stationed at Pearl Harbor was assaulted by Japanese planes. Japanese fighters were destroying American aircraft on land and in the air, without giving them a chance for a counterattack. The furious battle of Pearl Harbor became the first in the sequence of gory sea combats.","Pacific Storm: Allies expands upon the success of the internationally acclaimed original to deliver an unforgettable mix of real-time strategy and blistering arcade combat, recreating World War II's most heated battles.","Test your reflexes, judgment and tactics while facing up to eight other players in this follow-up to the critically acclaimed and popular arcade game Gumboy: Crazy Adventures, winner of numerous accolades including Gametunnel's GAME OF THE YEAR 2006.","Penguins Arena is a thrilling and innovative First Penguin Shooter with quick, hectic rounds and where the magic of reincarnation, combined with the supernatural ability to return to the game as a ghost, ensures that your character has every chance to change your tribe's fate, even in the afterlife.","Based on the award-winning mobile game of the same name, Obulis takes things to the next level by fusing highly compelling gameplay with outstanding graphics, music and state of the art physics effects. The goal of Obulis is to drop all of the colored spheres into their like-colored pots.","At the end of 19th Century, dark forces shade the world once again. A brave agent, experienced in exorcism and combat, comes to face the oncoming evil, and fight loathsome supernatural monsters and horrific spawns of black magic.","At the end of 19th Century, dark forces shade the world once again. A brave agent, experienced in exorcism and combat, comes to face the oncoming evil, and fight loathsome supernatural monsters and horrific spawns of black magic.","Chains is a challenging puzzle game with a unique feel and distinctive vector graphics style. The object of the game is simple - to link adjacent bubbles of the same color into chains. As you progress through the physics-driven stages it becomes increasingly more challenging and players' speed, strategy and skill will be put to the test.","From the art and stories of famed graphic novelist and filmmaker Enki Bilal, and the studio created by adventure game legend Benoit Sokal comes Nikopol: Secrets of the Immortals. Set in France in the year 2023, the country is governed by a dictator who rules by religious absolute power.","Solve exciting criminal cases on the mean streets as member of the autobahn police force - or freely explore the open game world while chasing down high-octane racers. Escort politicians, transport precious goods or take down the criminal element with over 500HP and close to 200MPH.","Prepare to be tempted, mesmerized and thrilled, become the Overlord, how corrupt you become depends on how you handle any given situation. Your actions impact the game world. With incredible power at your disposal and a team of evil minded minions to do your evil bidding, how will you resist the temptation to be incredibly despotic?","Prepare to be tempted, mesmerized and thrilled, become the Overlord, how corrupt you become depends on how you handle any given situation. Your actions impact the game world. With incredible power at your disposal and a team of evil minded minions to do your evil bidding, how will you resist the temptation to be incredibly despotic?","The player can take control of American, British, Russian, or German forces to play out battles that are set in World War II. The game is primarily a strategy game, but the player can take control of his or her forces and direct them with the keyboard and mouse for additional depth of control.","In the space of fifty years, Earth changed from a planet on cusp of a challenging future to a world a breath away from lifelessness and plunged into an apocalyptic time of ecological disaster, global warfare and the meltdown of human civilization. This is the time of the Maelstrom.","Develop your own hospital drama and manipulate the results to your best advantage! In charge of a rapidly expanding hospital, your job is to cure the patients with your army of doctors and nurses while successfully managing the facilities and taking care of everyone's needs.","Indulge in the fusion of puzzle, light and music. Experience the addictive puzzle action enhanced with stylish graphics and block-rocking beats. Lumines introduces you to a brand new block-dropping-puzzler experience. As you create 2x2 squares in same color, the vertical time line wipes them away from left to right.","Indulge in the fusion of puzzle, light and music. Experience the addictive puzzle action enhanced with stylish graphics and block-rocking beats. Lumines introduces you to a brand new block-dropping-puzzler experience. As you create 2x2 squares in same color, the vertical time line wipes them away from left to right.",Ready for the next challenge? Prepare yourself for the ultimate LUMINES experience and show us your skills! This exciting pack includes: 21 skins + 2 bonus skins for Challenge Mode 60 mind-bending puzzles to solve in Puzzle Mode 35 stages of quick-thinking and fast-moving in Mission...,"Welcome to Liberty City. Where it all began. With stellar voice acting, a darkly comic storyline, a stunning soundtrack and revolutionary open-world gameplay, Grand Theft Auto III is the game that defined the open world genre for a generation.","Welcome to Vice City. Welcome to the 1980s. From the decade of big hair, excess and pastel suits comes a story of one man's rise to the top of the criminal pile.","Five years ago Carl Johnson escaped from the pressures of life in Los Santos, San Andreas... a city tearing itself apart with gang trouble, drugs and corruption. Where filmstars and millionaires do their best to avoid the dealers and gangbangers. Now, it's the early 90s. Carl's got to go home.","You awake to the sound of your own panicked breath. In Manhunt, you must run, hide and fight to survive. If you can stay alive long enough, you may find out who did this to you. This is a brutal blood sport.","Max Payne is a man with nothing to lose in the violent, cold urban night. A fugitive undercover cop framed for murder, hunted by cops and the mob, Max is a man with his back against the wall, fighting a battle he cannot hope to win.","Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne is a violent, film-noir love story. Dark, tragic and intense, the in-depth story is a thrill-ride of shocking twists and revelations. Love hurts.","The world's most notorious drivers meet each night on the streets of LA, Paris, and Tokyo. Choose from a collection of performance-enhanced cars or bikes and compete head-to-head to make a name for yourself. There are no rules. Drive anywhere in the city. Find the fastest route to win.",Drive dozens of varied vehicles around three of America's toughest cities. Only the best will be able to tame the fastest cars. Only the smartest will know all the short-cuts and the whereabouts of the hottest wheels. Only the toughest will be able to take on the world and finish the job like a professional...,"Grand Theft Auto is back. The cars are faster. The streets are busier. The bad guys are nastier. The police are angrier. And now, the FBI and the Army are getting involved... Seven ruthless gangs are involved in a ruthless power struggle and it is up to you to make a name for yourself. Respect is earned, not given.","Bully tells the story of mischievous 15-year-old Jimmy Hopkins as he goes through the hilarity and awkwardness of adolescence. Beat the jocks at dodge ball, play pranks on the preppies, save the nerds, kiss the girl and navigate the social hierarchy in the worst school around.","What does the American dream mean today? For Niko Bellic fresh off the boat from Europe, it is the hope he can escape from his past. For his cousin, Roman, it is the vision that together they can find fortune in Liberty City, gateway to the land of opportunity.",Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City includes both The Lost and Damned and The Ballad of Gay Tony together and does not require a copy of the original Grand Theft Auto IV to play.,"Welcome to Vice City. Welcome to the 1980s. From the decade of big hair, excess and pastel suits comes a story of one man's rise to the top of the criminal pile.","The World Union is labeled the 'perfect society'. Prosperity is a science, disease and wars have vanished, sex is entertainment, and the future has never looked brighter. Suddenly this perfect society is rocked by the murder of a World Union citizen in the 'Rogue State' of Russia.",A shadow of evil has fallen on the kingdom of Ancaria. It is a time for champions - a time to journey into the perilous world of SACRED. Battle blood-thirsty orcs &amp;amp; lumbering ogres... Destroy undead wizards &amp;amp; rotting mummies... Slay hellish demons &amp;amp; legendary dragons.,"Darkstar One offers a fantastic amount of freedom of choice. The story-based missions gradually lead you deeper into the galaxy to new races, new technologies and ever stronger opponents. Explore a vast array of solar systems in search of hidden artifacts of ancient races, essential objects for upgrading your ship--the Darkstar One.","Colonial England. Under a certain amount of duress... Jack takes on a job, which will not only cause him a great deal of trouble, but also bring to light the answer to a mystery out of his distant past. A lack of money leads Jack to accept a charter to take a British secret agent to mysterious 'Tooth Island'.","FlatOut Ultimate Carnage lifts destruction racing to a whole new level of bone-breaking slaughter. FlatOut Ultimate Carnage is arcade destruction racing at its best and most extreme with real world physics, three different game modes and offering players a wide variety of online and offline multiplayer options.","The small country of Arulco has been taken over by a merciless dictator - and only you can loosen the iron grip! Jagged Alliance 2 Gold Pack immerses you into an elaborate role-playing universe where you will interact with more than 150 characters, recruit your own band of soldiers and create your own custom mercenary to win back Arulco...","The small country of Arulco has been taken over by a merciless dictator - and only you can loosen the iron grip! Jagged Alliance 2 Gold Pack immerses you into an elaborate role-playing universe where you will interact with more than 150 characters, recruit your own band of soldiers and create your own custom mercenary to win back Arulco...","The Intelligence Agency has commissioned you, Francis Rixon, to find out what is happening inside the Corporation's confines and to retrieve information about a secret mineral upon which the very existence of the human race may depend.","Perimeter 2: New Earth is the long-awaited sequel of the critically acclaimed RTS Perimeter. Ideas of territorial gameplay and landscape modification, introduced in the original game, are now realized on a new concept &amp; technology level.","Big Score is based around a classic story of police vs. criminals in a fight for a big score. The fantastic action will leave you breathless and will pump-up your adrenaline while you are rescuing your ball, trying to hit that last glowing target.",This time he will not fail. This time Osiris will show the world of humans what he's made of. But the ankh alone is not enough - not as long as he hasn't found the most important part of his body: his heart. Life has not been kind to Assil. Only three weeks ago he managed to ward off his death curse.,"The omens of the Battle of the Gods have been many, signaling the impending fight for supremacy over all other gods of Egypt. And of course, Assil will be caught in the middle of it all again. Together with his girlfriend Thara, he will have to prevent the sinister Seth from winning the battle and subjecting Egypt to his regime of terror.","BC Kings features several new elements not commonly found in strategy games. In addition to gathering resources, training an army and defeating the enemy, you will have to solve adventure and role-playing elements as well. The campaign is built around the epic story of the brave hero Mradin, and his trusty old friend Giesnik.","The Caribbean in the 17th Century - Trade with over 60 towns, create your own production facilities, expand your trading empire and influence the development of the New World. As pirates and military fleets threaten your trade convoys, you'll need escort ships.",9th Company Roots of Terror is an action-oriented real-time strategy game based on actual events that took place during the Soviet military campaign in Afghanistan. 9th Company follows the story of a ragged band of young recruits undergoing brutal training in Uzbekistan’s Fergana Valley and culminates with a bloody stand against the...,"PuzzleQuest: Challenge of the Warlords delivers, for the first time ever, classic puzzle-game action backed with an epic story of good vs. evil. Challenge your match 3 skills as you battle against computer opponents to save the Kingdom of Etheria from the evil Lord Bane.","Crack that Whip! Take reigns of a privately run prison. You are responsible for the care, custody, and control of individuals who have been arrested. Begin with a low security prison and build it up to a SuperMax. From construction to daily operations, you must protect society while turning a profit. It's time for lockdown.",Your American Dream Starts Behind the Wheel of Your Own Big Rig! North America's open roads await! You ain't working for the Man any more! You're the owner of your own trucking business and you call the shots. Build your empire one rig at a time to dominate the roadways and outbid the competition. Can you handle the pressure?,The Ultimate PC Hunting Experience Is Back...Bigger and Better Than Ever! Jump Right Into the Action with Hunting Unlimited 2008™! Get up close and personal with the big game you seek. Gone are the endless hours of empty forests and unused shots. The search for the elusive prized trophy has never been more action packed or more realistic.,"Organized crime is taking over Metro City. As a detective in the 83rd precinct you must use your Mahjongg skills to unearth clues and bring the criminals to justice. Don Diamante, the city's undisputed godfather, must be located and brought in. Collect and match evidence tiles to pinpoint perpetrators.","Are you ready to build the Greatest Midway on Earth? Summer nights, flashing lights, stomach churning rides, girls and guys all combine to make the perfect carnival. Attract them, thrill them, feed them, frighten them, and leave them yearning for more! Run your own traveling carnival.","Welcome to the world of HotDish, where knowing your way around the kitchen is a recipe for success! Build your career one dish at a time as you start at the bottom of the culinary ladder as a line cook in a local Italian restaurant with dreams of one day becoming a world class 5 Star French chef.","The Doctor is In! Dr. Daisy has just graduated from veterinary school and needs to complete 5 rotations to finish her residency. Help her diagnose and heal needy animals in this madcap dash classic. From the local veterinary clinic to a sea park all the way to a big city zoo, Daisy needs to keep her ailing friends happy and healthy.","Buckle up. You're going for a ride. Race at speeds over 140 MPH on dirt, on the proving grounds for today's top professional drivers. Shoulder to shoulder sprint car racing makes for spectacular crashes, and white-knuckle driving. Start out as a small town star and work your way up through the ranks to become a national legend.","Push Every Boundary...of Your Car and of the Law. Enter an explosive world where nitrous erupts and rubber burns. You live your life one race at a time and from midnight to dawn, the adrenaline is on. Feel the raw power of your super-charged engine as you punch the accelerator for cash and hard-won respect.","Become immersed in the fantastic world of Aris  a world populated by Orcs, Elves, Dwarfs and Humans. Complete more than 30 challenging quests to find the three parts of the Hand of God amulet and save Aris from impending doom.",Drakensang is a third-person party-based RPG based on the pen &amp;amp; paper role-play rules of The Dark Eye. Drakensang is the first PC game for over 10 years to be based on Germany's most successful and popular role-play system. Drakensang builds on the pen &amp;amp; paper rules as applied in version 4.0.,Do you have what it takes to design a fancy frock or a fashion flop? Compete in creative challenges for the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to show your creations in a major runway event and become the ultimate fashion designer. Will you be asked to stay or leave Mission: Runway? Take on the fashion challenge?,"Get the Shot. Get the Game. Experience fast-paced hunting action in pursuit of the biggest trophy bucks throughout North America, Canada and Now the Bavarian Forest! Wilderness Madness! Free Hunt Mode drops you right in the action with game a plenty, or for exacting hunting adventures try Challenge Mode. Calling All Predators.","How evil can you get? Discover how corruptible you are in Overlord, the twisted fantasy action adventure where you can be evil (or really evil). In the game's seriously warped fantasy world, players will become the Overlord and get first-hand experience of how absolute power corrupts absolutely.","As the King of Iolcus, Jason had everythinga prosperous kingdom, the respect of his peers, and a beautiful fiancé. When she was killed on their wedding day, he vowed to do anything to restore her life. Now, in order to accomplish this heroic feat Jason must seek out the Golden Fleece -- and with the help of Greek mythology's greatest...","Evolving the shooter genre with its unique and exhilarating combination of fluid action and combat, Damnation features huge, open environments, frenetic combat, daredevil acrobatics and high-octane vehicle-based stunts.","Overlord II, sequel to the critically acclaimed cult hit, sees the return of the chaotic Minions and their new Dark Master. Bigger, badder and more beautifully destructive, Overlord 2 has a Glorious Empire to smash, a massive Netherworld to revive, Minion mounts to mobilize, a trio of mistresses to woo, War Machines to crush opposition...",Your Trophy Buck is Waiting! Experience fast paced hunting action in pursuit of record trophy bucks across 24 state and provinces in North America. Gameplay starts at the most critical and exciting parts of each hunting mission where you are immediately presented with a challenge.,"Tomb Raider: Anniversary retraces Lara Croft's original genre-defining adventure  globe-trotting 3rd person action-adventure in pursuit of the legendary Scion artifact. Using an enhanced 'Tomb Raider: Legend' game engine, the graphics, technology and physics bring Lara's adventure and pursuit of a mystical artifact known only as the...","Tomb Raider: Anniversary retraces Lara Croft's original genre-defining adventure  globe-trotting 3rd person action-adventure in pursuit of the legendary Scion artifact. Using an enhanced 'Tomb Raider: Legend' game engine, the graphics, technology and physics bring Lara's adventure and pursuit of a mystical artifact known only as the...","The greatest football management sim returns... Think you can do better? It's your decisions that count: your budget, your buys, your formation, your tactics...your chance to prove it! Use your skills and knowledge to manage your club the way you feel it should be - now it's your turn.","Think you can do better? It's your decisions that count: your budget, your buys, your formation, your tactics... your chance to prove it! Use your skills and knowledge to manage your club the way you feel it should be - now it's your turn. All football fans around the world, believe they know more about football than anybody else.","Kane and Lynch: Dead Men is the new action shooter franchise by Io-Interactive, creators of the multi-million selling Hitman series. Kane &amp;amp; Lynch: Dead Men follows the violent and chaotic journey of two men - a flawed mercenary and a medicated psychopath - and their brutal attitude towards right and wrong.","*This is a single player only title*Venezuela is left in a state of civil war after the government was brutally overthrown by a military coup. With factions fighting to reinstate democracy, the U.S. government has offered their assistance, though the new government regime has threatened to deploy nuclear weapons if the U.S.","*This is a single player only title*Venezuela is left in a state of civil war after the government was brutally overthrown by a military coup. With factions fighting to reinstate democracy, the U.S. government has offered their assistance, though the new government regime has threatened to deploy nuclear weapons if the U.S.","Tomb Raider: Underworld represents a new advancement in exploration-based gameplay. As fearless adventurer Lara Croft explore exotic locations around the world, each designed with an incredible attention to detail resulting in breathtaking high-definition visual fidelity that creates a truly believable world and delivers a new level of...","Tomb Raider: Underworld represents a new advancement in exploration-based gameplay. As fearless adventurer Lara Croft explore exotic locations around the world, each designed with an incredible attention to detail resulting in breathtaking high-definition visual fidelity that creates a truly believable world and delivers a new level of...","Experience one war through two epic sagas where you will be a part of history or change it. Feel the power of the historically authentic and decisive battles of the Pacific War. Relive some of the grandest and most critical naval battles of recent history and for the first time, choose to lead your fleet to a completely different ending...","Experience one war through two epic sagas where you will be a part of history or change it. Feel the power of the historically authentic and decisive battles of the Pacific War. Relive some of the grandest and most critical naval battles of recent history and for the first time, choose to lead your fleet to a completely different ending...",Dive into an adrenaline-fuelled free-roaming adventure with 400 square miles of rugged terrain and hundreds of weapons and vehicles.,Sam &amp;amp; Max: Episode 1 - Culture Shock - The former child stars of the Soda Poppers TV show are wreaking havoc all over the neighborhood! But this is no ordinary tale of child stars gone awry. There's a dark force behind the Poppers' baffling antics.,Sam &amp;amp; Max: Episode 2 - Situation: Comedy - Talk show host Myra Stump has gone berzerk! Sam &amp;amp; Max head down to the WARP TV studio to find out why she's holding her audience hostage. But getting onto Myra's stage isn't going to be easy. First the Freelance Police will have to prove they're worthy of fifteen minutes of fame.,"Sam &amp;amp; Max Episode 3 - The Mole, The Mob, and The Meatball - The commissioner is looking into an underground operation at the Ted E. Bear Mafia-Free Playland and Casino, but the mole he sent in has suddenly gone quiet. To find the mole, Sam &amp;amp; Max must infiltrate the operation and become members of the Toy Mafia themselves.","Sam &amp;amp; Max Episode 4 - Abe Lincoln Must Die - The president's lost it. Federally mandated group hugs, a pudding embargo... what's next, gun control? Sam &amp;amp; Max are off to Washington to take care of this bozo, but the political climate will only get stormier... and a new power will rise...","With an internet crisis looming and a viral video game holding its players hostage, Sam &amp;amp; Max will need to slip into a new reality to set things right. But can the Freelance Police crack this virtual case in time to avoid worldwide system failure?One of six self-contained cases with an overarching story arc.","Sam &amp;amp; Max: Episode 6 - Bright Side of the Moon - What started out as a local mind-control scheme has grown to global proportions, and Sam &amp;amp; Max are off to the moon to save the entire planet from a lifetime of hypnotic enslavement. But when chaos collides with tranquility, have the Freelance Police finally met their match?","He's the most ancient and powerful opponent they've ever faced, a hairy, bloated, pagan God - Santa Claus! With Christmas presents on the attack and carols of gunshots drowning out the bells, Sam &amp;amp; Max must storm the North Pole to bring down a less-than-jolly foe.",A surprise trip to the tropics turns into a working vacation when Sam &amp;amp; Max sign up to stop a massive volcano eruption. Will their special blend of bewildering wit and renegade justice be enough to win over the gods? (Not to mention the locals?,Zombie attack! Droves of undead are converging in the streets. Now Sam &amp;amp; Max must confront their leader - a Eurotrash vampire with a style all his own. Are the Freelance Police cool enough to outsmart this emo before his flesh-eating army usurps the western world?,"Bosco's vanished from the face of the Earth - literally! When Sam &amp;amp; Max manage to track him down, what they find is so mind boggling, you'll have to see it to believe it. Can the Freelance Police set things right, or will life as they know it fall victim to the capricious whims of T-H-E-M?","Judgment day is at hand, and its time for a showdown with the guy downstairs to bargain for Bosco's soul. But in the corporate wasteland known as Hell, not even the Freelance Police are safe from eternal damnation. Can Sam &amp;amp; Max fight free from Satan's grasp, or have they reached the end of the line?","After an attack by a swarm of locusts leaves Fone Bone lost in the mountains, he sets out to find his cousins, with a little help from a mysterious red dragon, a couple of talking bugs, and a pretty girl named Thorn. But with hungry rat creatures on his tail, will Fone Bone ever make his way back to Boneville?","It's spring fair time and The Great Cow Race is about to begin! Play carnival games. Write love poetry. Outsmart a really big bee. Cheat the locals out of their hard-earned eggs. Bang on some pots and pans. Escape from an angry mob. Oh, and dress up like a cow. (Not necessarily in that order.","Join poker's most outspoken players for a hand of Telltale Texas Hold'em, the card game stacked high with personality. Quips will fly, chips will fall, and you may just end up rolling in the aisles.This is your chance to play in a poker tournament against four characters of such lethal absurdity, you'll either die laughing or die trying.",Enjoy Strong Bad's wacky comedic adventures over 5 full episodes!,,,,,"Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved is a old school style shooter, but remixed for the 21st century with next generation graphics and deep, modern gameplay. Playing is simple: you are a geometric &amp;quot;ship&amp;quot; trapped in a grid world, facing off against waves of deadly wanderers, snakes, and repulsars.","EVE Online is a game where history is written by the players in a universe of unrivaled beauty, depth and opportunity. Become one with your ship and embark on a story of industry, exploration and conquest as you weave your legend into the fabric of New Eden.","UpdateSimBin Studios expands the hit racing game, RACE 07 with the Andy Priaulx Crowne Plaza Raceway free add-on. Free for owners of RACE 07, this add-on features a brand new island track and new cars from triple World Champion Andy Priaulx in his BMW 320si WTCC and Fabrizio Giovanardi in his Vauxhall Vectra VXR.Real Cars, Real Racing...",The RACE On expansion includes all the cars and circuits from the epic WTCC 2008 season. It also adds a massive selection of US Muscle cars and circuits to the...,"Blue skies and white beaches frame the mystical Andy Priaulx Crowne Plaza Raceway, a unique challenge even for a World Champion. Designed to challenge the best, the island track weaves its way past palm trees and luxury hotels. Can YOU master it?","49 unique cars in 12 classes – over 500 combinations.The most beautiful GT’s. Extreme versions of the already spectacular World Touring Cars. Exclusive road cars from prestigious brands.You will find that and much more in GTR Evolution, including the legendary Nürburgring Nordschleife, the fabled 22,8km long racetrack in Germany.","STCC The Game is the official game of “STCC - Swedish Touring Car Championship”, the largest and most prestigious motorsport championship in Scandinavia.The game includes all cars and tracks from the 2008 season; seven Swedish and Norwegian tracks like Mantorp Park, Knutstorp Ring, Våler Track and the world exclusive city racetrack Eco...","STCC The Game is the official game of “STCC - Swedish Touring Car Championship”, the largest and most prestigious motorsport championship in Scandinavia.The game includes all cars and tracks from the 2008 season; seven Swedish and Norwegian tracks like Mantorp Park, Knutstorp Ring, Våler Track and the world exclusive city racetrack Eco...","49 unique cars in 12 classes – over 500 combinations.The most beautiful GT’s. Extreme versions of the already spectacular World Touring Cars. Exclusive road cars from prestigious brands.You will find that and much more in GTR Evolution, including the legendary Nürburgring Nordschleife, the fabled 22,8km long racetrack in Germany.",The RACE On expansion includes all the cars and circuits from the epic WTCC 2008 season. It also adds a massive selection of US Muscle cars and circuits to the...,The Game That Revolutionized the Racing Genre.,Sid Meier's Civilization IV®: Beyond the Sword is the second expansion pack for Civilization IV - the 2005 PC Game of the Year that has become a worldwide hit. The expansion focuses on the time periods after the invention of gunpowder and delivers 11 unique and challenging scenarios created by the development team at Firaxis as well as...,Sid Meier's Civilization IV®: Beyond the Sword is the second expansion pack for Civilization IV - the 2005 PC Game of the Year that has become a worldwide hit. The expansion focuses on the time periods after the invention of gunpowder and delivers 11 unique and challenging scenarios created by the development team at Firaxis as well as...,"Set approximately 10 years after the events of the original BioShock, the halls of Rapture once again echo with sins of the past. Along the Atlantic coastline, a monster has been snatching little girls and bringing them back to the undersea city of Rapture.","Indebted to the wrong people, with his life on the line, veteran of the U.S. Cavalry and now hired gun, Booker DeWitt has only one opportunity to wipe his slate clean. He must rescue Elizabeth, a mysterious girl imprisoned since childhood and locked up in the flying city of Columbia.","From a distant corner of the galaxy, an evil alien race sets in motion a sinister plan to conquer the Earth. They unleash a powerful catalyst — Energy X — that imbues the planet's worst miscreants with super-powers to bring the planet to its knees. Now Earth's only hope lies with a new breed of heroes... The Freedom Force!","Freedom is threatened yet again and only Minute Man and his heroic Freedom Force can save the day in the follow up to one of the most critically acclaimed games of 2002. Freedom Force vs. the Third Reich brings dynamic storytelling, fast-paced tactical role-play, and larger-than-life characters from the comic book pages to the computer...","From a distant corner of the galaxy, an evil alien race sets in motion a sinister plan to conquer the Earth. They unleash a powerful catalyst — Energy X — that imbues the planet's worst miscreants with super-powers to bring the planet to its knees. Now Earth's only hope lies with a new breed of heroes... The Freedom Force!","Freedom is threatened yet again and only Minute Man and his heroic Freedom Force can save the day in the follow up to one of the most critically acclaimed games of 2002. Freedom Force vs. the Third Reich brings dynamic storytelling, fast-paced tactical role-play, and larger-than-life characters from the comic book pages to the computer...","Create, discover, and download new player-created maps, scenarios, interfaces, and more!","Axel and Pixel are trapped in a beautiful but dangerous dream world. If they plan to get out they must solve its mysteries. Drawn by hand and rendered in full high-definition, Axel &amp; Pixel is a unique journey through an artist's dream.","Lock, Load, &amp;amp; Face the MadnessGet ready for the mind blowing insanity! Play as one of four trigger-happy mercenaries and take out everything that stands in your way!With its addictive action, frantic first-person shooter combat, massive arsenal of weaponry, RPG elements and four-player co-op*, Borderlands is a breakthrough experience...","Lock, Load, &amp;amp; Face the MadnessGet ready for the mind blowing insanity! Play as one of four trigger-happy mercenaries and take out everything that stands in your way!With its addictive action, frantic first-person shooter combat, massive arsenal of weaponry, RPG elements and four-player co-op*, Borderlands is a breakthrough experience...","It's World War II and you are B.J. Blazkowicz, the Allies' most valuable agent. In the midst of the German Blitzkrieg, the Spear that pierced the side of Christ is taken from Versailles by the Nazis and secured in the impregnable Castle Wolfenstein. According to legend, no man can be defeated when he has the Spear.","World War II rages and nations fall. SS head Himmler has Hitler's full backing to twist science and the occult into an army capable of annihilating the Allies once and for all. Battling alone, you're on an intense mission to pierce the black heart of the Third Reich and stop Himmler -- or die trying.","TWO NEW EPISODES. SIXTEEN NEW LEVELS. ONE WAY OUT. Your journey has led you down a path of no return. The acrid smell of death fills the air. And you know the road ahead may lead to your grave. But Quake, with his insidious, apocalyptic plans, must be crushed. If you fail, evil will shroud the universe for all eternity.","After defeating Shub-Niggurath, you arrive back at your home base on Earth, but it's not all blue skies and butterflies. Apparently, not all QUAKE forces have been subdued. Chaos ensues as you blast your way through the QUAKE minions and toward the infested gateway. Your only choice is to find the source of evil and shut it down.","A massive demonic invasion has overwhelmed the Union Aerospace Corporation's (UAC) Mars Research Facility, leaving only chaos and horror in its wake. As one of only a few survivors, you must fight your way to hell and back against a horde of evil monsters.","The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse lurk in the shadows before you. They are Death, Pestilence, Famine, and War. They are the root of all that is evil. They are the least of your worries. The last know Serpent Rider, Eidolon, lives.","The gripping expansion pack for DOOM 3 takes your even further into the the DOOM universe. Two years following the unexplained disaster on Mars, the UAC returns to the abandoned facility to investigate a mysterious beacon buried deep in the ruins of the ancient civilization.","Welcome to the Arena, where high-ranking warriors are transformed into spineless mush. Abandoning every ounce of common sense and any trace of doubt, you lunge onto a stage of harrowing landscapes and veiled abysses.","Never before have the forces aligned. United by name and by cause, The Fallen, Pagans, Crusaders, Intruders, and Stroggs must channel their power into an allied operation where teamwork is the only method of mass destruction. Four distinct games test each troop's synthesis and strength to exacting degrees.","The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse lurk in the shadows before you. They are Death, Pestilence, Famine, and War. They are the root of all that is evil. They are the least of your worries. The last know Serpent Rider, Eidolon, lives.","Shortly after landing on an alien surface, you learn that hundreds of your men have been reduced to just a few. Now you must fight your way through heavily fortified military installations, lower the city's defenses and shut down the enemy's war machine. Only then will the fate of humanity be known.","Introducing the Master Levels for DOOM II. Twenty never-before-seen levels all with the same acid drenched, hell spawned horror of the originals. Each was created by independent designers and supervised by the demented minds of id Software. You might as well forget about seeing the light of day ever again.","Commander Keen: Invasion of the Vorticons: Episode 1: Marooned on Mars (Dec. 14th 1990) Episode 2: The Earth Explodes (1991) Episode 3: Keen Must Die! (1991) Commander Keen's very first adventure, and the debut of id's groundbreaking side-scrolling technology.","Powered by id’s revolutionary id Tech® 5 technology, RAGE is an intense first-person shooter with breakneck vehicle combat, an expansive world to explore, and jaw-dropping graphics!","Delivering a visceral WWII gaming experience, Company of Heroes redefines real time strategy gaming by bringing the sacrifice of heroic soldiers, war-ravaged environments, and dynamic battlefields to life.","This expansion adds all-new units and strategies to the exciting gameplay offered by Dawn of War. The Imperial Guard brings new weaponry, including heavy armor, new troop units as well as defensive and ranged tactics overwhelming numbers. Coupled with new abilities, this fighting force is as lethal as they come.","Prepare yourself for the grim, dark future of the 41st millennium, where alien races battle mankind for galactic domination in a universe of unending war. Personalize your armies with a revolutionary unit customization tool that gives you the ability to choose your armies insignias, banners, squad colors and names.","Prepare yourself for the grim, dark future of the 41st millennium, where alien races battle mankind for galactic domination in a universe of unending war. Personalize your armies with a revolutionary unit customization tool that gives you the ability to choose your armies insignias, banners, squad colors and names.","The next chapter in the #1 rated RTS franchise thrusts players into a hellish war torn landscape to command two battle-hardened armies in relentless campaigns for honor and country. Players lead the tenacious British 2nd Army during the heroic World War II liberation of Caen, France, and command the German Panzer Elite as they struggle...","For a thousand years, three opposing forces have waged war for what they believe is true. There can be no room for compromise: their way is the only way. Dubbed The Infinite War, this devastating conflict has taken its toll on a once-peaceful galaxy and has only served to deepen the hatred between the factions.","The last days of man are at hand.. Two years after the Infinite War the once great warring nations now lie in ruins, and humanity’s hope for a brighter future is nothing but a bitter memory. A new, seemingly unstoppable enemy, supported by the zealots of The Order, now seeks to eradicate mankind: UEF, Aeon Loyalist, and Cybran alike.","The third and final expansion to the genre-defining and critically-acclaimed RTS, Dawn of War. In Soulstorm, two new armies are introduced – Sisters of Battle and Dark Eldar - raising the total number of playable armies to nine.","The third and final expansion to the genre-defining and critically-acclaimed RTS, Dawn of War. In Soulstorm, two new armies are introduced – Sisters of Battle and Dark Eldar - raising the total number of playable armies to nine.","Frontlines™: Fuel of War™ is an open-world First Person Shooter set on the frontlines of tomorrow. In a world ravaged by a global energy crisis, environmental decay, and economic depression, players assume the role of an elite soldier in the Western Coalition Army on an epic crusade against the Red Star Alliance to control the last of...","Saints Row 2 brings true freedom to open-world gaming. Players can play as who they want, how they want, and with whomever they want in this sequel to the much acclaimed and tremendously successful Saints Row.","Gish isn't your average hero. In fact, he's not your average anything...you see, Gish is a ball of tar. A Sunday stroll with his lady friend, Brea, goes awry when a shadowy figure emerges from an open manhole and pulls Brea below ground.","Gish isn't your average hero. In fact, he's not your average anything...you see, Gish is a ball of tar. A Sunday stroll with his lady friend, Brea, goes awry when a shadowy figure emerges from an open manhole and pulls Brea below ground.","Desperados 2 is the sequel to the successful wild west title Desperados - Wanted Dead or Alive. The gameplay is based on its predecessor but with brand new tactical possibilities in a beautiful 3D environment. Switch from an isometric view to a third person view whenever you want; for example, for duels, brawls and shoot-outs.","Here's your chance to make it big in the Big Apple... New York City, the city that never sleeps! Go for broke building your own Manhattan empire, creating and customizing over 100 types of major businesses: run a hot nightclub, oversee a media conglomerate, open a lucrative Broadway theater - the choices are endless.","The highly anticipated sequel to the critically acclaimed game Act of War: Direct Action picks up where the techno-thriller left off. On the eve of the U.S. Presidential elections, simultaneous terrorist attacks hit both candidates. Clues point to corrupt elements within the U.S.","Smersh is Russian for &amp;quot;Death to Spies&amp;quot; and was the name of a set of counterintelligence agencies formed in the Soviet Army during World War II. Their mission was to secure the rear of the active Red Army by arresting traitors, deserters, spies and criminal cells.","Tempelhof, Berlin, dawn of 8th April 1949.A major armed conflict is brewing between the Western powers and the Soviet bloc. The Red Army has been growing ever stronger since the end of World War II. With the growth of their army the Soviets realize that they hold the advantage, and are only waiting for the right moment to attack.","Grab your cape and defend Millennium City in this comic book-style action MMORPG! Design your hero and costume from thousands of costume pieces, face super-villains like Dr. Destroyer, and create your own unique nemesis.","In Star Trek Online, the Star Trek universe appears for the first time on a truly massive scale. Players take the captain's chair as they command their own starship and crew. Explore strange new worlds, seek out new life and new civilizations, and boldly go where no one has gone before.","Test Drive Unlimited 2 transforms the driving genre, adding the persistency, progression and customization of the latest multiplayer games to the auto racing experience. Test Drive Unlimited 2 blends single player and multiplayer experiences seamlessly, creating a dynamic world of evolving content and challenges.","In Blade Kitten, join Kit Ballard as she explores the mysterious world of Hollow Wish to hunt down rogue mechs and soft targets.","In Blade Kitten, join Kit Ballard as she explores the mysterious world of Hollow Wish to hunt down rogue mechs and soft targets.","Dare to be scared! After 30 years, Atari's classic groundbreaking game is back - with all-new scream-worthy chills and thrills!",Engage in epic dogfights and aerial assaults against the onslaught of the evil Zylons.,"The UnderGarden is a casual Zen game that challenges players to explore beautiful underground caverns filled with strange life forms, sound, music and plenty of hidden secrets. Casual gamers with an affinity towards puzzle games will enjoy The UnderGarden’s modern exploration quest filled with brain teasing games that combine state of...","Ghostbusters: Sanctum of Slime Challenge Pack brings hours of a new single player experience to this ghost-hunting adventure. With all-new two game modes, Lonely Hero and Arcade Challenge, you won't put the controller down!","Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced.","Seven classic games in one collection. Celebrate the golden age of adventure games all over again with the return of King's Quest.The bravest knight in all of Daventry, Sir Graham, is appointed by the dying king to embark on a Quest for the Crown.","Experience a blast from the past with the complete, completely twisted Space Quest Collection.","3, 2, 1 Blast-Off! Launch yourself into the intense space-shooter Aces of the Galaxy&amp;trade; &amp;#151; A non-stop, old-school arcade thrill-ride for the 21st century and beyond. Utilize an impressive arsenal of upgradeable weapons including high powered missile launchers, devastating torpedoes and the ever-reliant chain gun to annihilate the...","Master time to become the ultimate weapon! Dr. Aiden Krone has made a Time Jump across the space-time continuum - a reckless act with frightening consequences. Now, a disturbing alternate reality has evolved within the bleak and rain-soaked Alpha District.","Whether you're a seasoned player or just a beginner, get ready to tee off for a quick and fun match with four animated stylish characters. Putt your way through 36 fun-filled holes of minigolf on 3D designed courses with elevated greens, bunkers, bridges and water hazards, among other crazy obstacles.","You are the Prototype, Alex Mercer, a man without memory armed with amazing shape-shifting abilities, hunting your way to the heart of the conspiracy which created you; making those responsible pay. Fast &amp;amp; Deadly Shape-Shifting Combat: Reconfigure your body to the situation at hand.","Wolfenstein takes players deep into the heart of the Reich, where experiments with a dark force known as the Black Sun threaten to embolden the Nazis with unimaginable powers. There's only one man for a job of this magnitude: special agent B.J. Blazkowicz!","The most-anticipated game of the year and the sequel to the best-selling first-person action game of all time, Modern Warfare 2 continues the gripping and heart-racing action as players face off against a new threat dedicated to bringing the world to the brink of collapse.","The most-anticipated game of the year and the sequel to the best-selling first-person action game of all time, Modern Warfare 2 continues the gripping and heart-racing action as players face off against a new threat dedicated to bringing the world to the brink of collapse.","5 additional action-packed multiplayer maps, including brand-new battlegrounds and legendary fan-favorites from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare","The best-selling first-person action game of all time gets even bigger with more epic new multiplayer content! The Modern Warfare 2 Resurgence Pack delivers five incredible new multiplayer maps. Take the action to exciting new locations, then battle across legendary landscapes from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare.","Good or Insane? The choice is yours. Following the Apocalyptic end to the Postal Dude’s week in Paradise, we follow him and his insane pitbull Champ as they emigrate to its appropriately named sister city, Catharsis.","The remote hotel stands atop an ominous snow-peaked mountain, and death permeates every inch of the place. A crime has been committed here obviously, and the remote nature of the retreat means that the culprit is still roaming the halls. Which of the guests is capable of this? Whose past hides sinister truths and who has the most to gain?","Operation Valkyrie is a famous plan of the German Resistance to overthrow the tyrannical Nazi government. Standartenfuhrer Gerhard Mayer, a patriot who works in Reich Security Head Office learns that Gestapo has tracked down the conspirators.","PT Boats is dedicated to a small group of little known but perhaps some of the most daring naval combatants of World War II: the torpedo boat crews. These ships are small, fast and agile, and extremely dangerous due to the on-board torpedo launchers. But they are also the most vulnerable of all military vessels.","“The seas can be dangerous, but when you’re in command of a crack strike boat crew…”. Deadly naval weapon of WWII is back with more campaigns, ore combat aircrafts, ships and even more fascinating gameplay. The original game “PT Boats: Knights of the Sea” has opened a new previously unknown aspect of naval battles in WWII.","A true reincarnation of the legendary series!The Almighty has turned away from Nevendaar and its denizens. He is busy thinking about the fate of the world. Above Nevendaar, rent by perpetual wars, a new star flashed out. What will it bring with it? Who will claim its great power? Immerse in the struggle of four powerful races!","The Club™, created by critically acclaimed developer Bizarre Creations, is a new breed of third-person shooter, combining fast-paced run and gun gameplay, destructive environments, and lethal weapons. You will fight to survive in a shadowy underground blood-sport controlled by a faceless, obscenely wealthy and influential elite who place...","Command the seas, control the land, forge a new nation, and conquer the globe.",Embrace the competitive spirit of the world's most prestigious sporting event and represent your country as you compete for the highest honor - the Gold. The game delivers a far more entertaining and immersive Olympic experience with superior graphics capturing the fine emotional detail of each event where a fraction of a second means...,"A game filled with heavy combat action, fast-paced tactics and decision making, Space Siege is an all-new science fiction themed action-RPG being developed by Chris Taylor and his talented team at Gas Powered Games, the creators of Dungeon Siege I &amp; II and Supreme Commander.","October 5, 2009 - Update The Empire Special Forces units are now available for sale separately as DLC for Empire: Total War. This DLC also includes three additional exclusive units, previously unavailable for sale.","Expand your Empire with downloadable content! The Elite Units of the West Downloadable Content for Empire: Total War™ introduces 14 completely unique brand new units from all the major Western factions. Featuring all new infantry and cavalry units, equipped with the best weapons and having undergone the most rigorous of training, the...","The official Empire: Total War™ Expansion A new detailed North American Campaign Map expands the Empire: Total War experience, with 5 brand new American Indian factions, new units and technologies. Experience battles in the new Warpath Campaign and lead one of the 5 new factions in an epic war to defend your lands and drive out the...","The Elite Units of America Downloadable Content for Empire: Total War™ adds 15 new elite units to the American, British and French factions of Empire: Total War. In the last half of the 18th century, the political upheaval from thirteen of British Colonies in North America ultimately led to the 1776 Declaration of Independence and...",The Elite Units of the East DLC for Empire: Total War™ adds 12 new elite units to the Maratha and Ottoman factions of Empire: Total War. Empire: Total War expands further East than any previous Total War game and this Downloadable Content includes the very best units from the Eastern lands.,"Command the seas, control the land, forge a new nation, and conquer the globe.","Survive, hunt and prey in the deadly jungles and swamps in distinctly new and thrilling first person gameplay.",Bring a whole new dimension to the action and excitement of Aliens vs. Predator with four all-new online maps. Two new Multiplayer maps for six different online modes: Docks: Horror comes from the deep at Weyland-Yutani’s abandoned dockyard.,"Welcome to the killing grounds of BG-386. Prove your skills on four new multiplayer maps spanning jungle swamps, Alien crashsites, industrial complexes and ancient temples. Your environment will be your deadliest enemy - constant rainstorms batter you, fog hides your predators with only a flash of lightning to show the way through.","A fantasy voyage through the great mythologies, Loki allows the player to take on the role of one of the four heroes of the game, each drawn from a different mythology: a mighty Norse fighter, a fierce Greek warrior, a powerful Egyptian magician or an Aztec shaman who masters the secrets of the spirit world.","A free game in the truest sense of the word, TrackMania Nations Forever lets you drive at mind-blowing speeds on fun and spectacular tracks in solo and multiplayer modes.TrackMania Nations Forever offers a new &amp;quot;Forever&amp;quot; version of the Stadium environment, a solid solo mode and 65 brand new, progressively challenging tracks.","This new Sherlock Holmes game sends us to 19th Century London where Arséne Lupin, a young French burglar with an impressive track record, has just challenged Scotland Yard and the most famous of detectives - Sherlock Holmes. This new adventure offers gamers tremendous freedom and an even stronger sense of involvement through real-time 3D.","Dracula: Origin reveals the dark origins of the Dracula curse. Once the ardent defender of Christendom, Dracula loses his faith in God when he is abandoned by his one true love after she marries. Dracula then makes a pact with the Prince of Darkness, and becomes a vampire.","This new Sherlock Holmes game sends us to 19th Century London where Arséne Lupin, a young French burglar with an impressive track record, has just challenged Scotland Yard and the most famous of detectives - Sherlock Holmes. This new adventure offers gamers tremendous freedom and an even stronger sense of involvement through real-time 3D.","Dracula: Origin reveals the dark origins of the Dracula curse. Once the ardent defender of Christendom, Dracula loses his faith in God when he is abandoned by his one true love after she marries. Dracula then makes a pact with the Prince of Darkness, and becomes a vampire.","Inspired by The adventures of Sherlock Holmes Written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. After Lord Montcalfe's death, his daughter Elisabeth turns to the famous detective Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery that surrounds her father's death.","The Sherlock Holmes series returns with this updated version of The Awakened, which brings a whole new dimension to the original title developed by Frogwares. Keeping with the traditional Point &amp;amp; Click gameplay style of the original adventure games, The Awakened has been totally rethought, offering players a new third-person view...","At a reception organised in honour of his daughter, Melvyn Bromsby, a rich tycoon, is about to make an important announcement concerning his future business affairs when, all of a sudden, a shot rings out. Sir Bromsby collapses, having suffered a mortal wound to the heart...","Hunker down at your London flat at 221b Baker St. The year is 1896, and Scotland Yard has called Sherlock Holmes with an urgent request for help. A young painter has been found murdered and rolled up in a remarkable Persian carpet.","Recognized as one of the best licenses in adventure gaming and lauded by the international press, Sherlock Holmes is back with an investigation that is sure to be the most horrifying of the series. In this great new adventure, the famous detective chases against the most threatening serial killer England has ever known - Jack the Ripper.","Surviving is only half the game. The award-winning atmosphere and gameplay mechanics of the original Shadowgrounds make a triumphant return in this spin off/sequel armed with a slick new feature set! Shadowgrounds Survivor tells the story of the last remaining humans on Jupiter's moon Ganymede, where the alien onslaught is in full force.","Somewhere in deep space, at an apparently abandoned mining base on the asteriod Alpha Prime, something has gone terribly wrong. Miners were warned that the hubbardium they were mining was too dangerous, but the lure of unimaginable wealth was too strong.","Surviving is only half the game. The award-winning atmosphere and gameplay mechanics of the original Shadowgrounds make a triumphant return in this spin off/sequel armed with a slick new feature set! Shadowgrounds Survivor tells the story of the last remaining humans on Jupiter's moon Ganymede, where the alien onslaught is in full force.","Test your reflexes, judgment and tactics while facing up to eight other players in this follow-up to the critically acclaimed and popular arcade game Gumboy: Crazy Adventures, winner of numerous accolades including Gametunnel's GAME OF THE YEAR 2006.","In the far future, humanity is ruled by The Ministry of Accounts, an oppressive bureaucracy that tracks, records and taxes every transaction of daily life. From the depths of Red Tape, a new breed of marketeer arises to challenge the authority and make a profit: the Space Trader is born!","On December 7, 1941, a major part of the U.S. Pacific navy stationed at Pearl Harbor was assaulted by Japanese planes. Japanese fighters were destroying American aircraft on land and in the air, without giving them a chance for a counterattack. The furious battle of Pearl Harbor became the first in the sequence of gory sea combats.","Pacific Storm: Allies expands upon the success of the internationally acclaimed original to deliver an unforgettable mix of real-time strategy and blistering arcade combat, recreating World War II's most heated battles.","Test your reflexes, judgment and tactics while facing up to eight other players in this follow-up to the critically acclaimed and popular arcade game Gumboy: Crazy Adventures, winner of numerous accolades including Gametunnel's GAME OF THE YEAR 2006.","Penguins Arena is a thrilling and innovative First Penguin Shooter with quick, hectic rounds and where the magic of reincarnation, combined with the supernatural ability to return to the game as a ghost, ensures that your character has every chance to change your tribe's fate, even in the afterlife.","Based on the award-winning mobile game of the same name, Obulis takes things to the next level by fusing highly compelling gameplay with outstanding graphics, music and state of the art physics effects. The goal of Obulis is to drop all of the colored spheres into their like-colored pots.","At the end of 19th Century, dark forces shade the world once again. A brave agent, experienced in exorcism and combat, comes to face the oncoming evil, and fight loathsome supernatural monsters and horrific spawns of black magic.","At the end of 19th Century, dark forces shade the world once again. A brave agent, experienced in exorcism and combat, comes to face the oncoming evil, and fight loathsome supernatural monsters and horrific spawns of black magic.","Chains is a challenging puzzle game with a unique feel and distinctive vector graphics style. The object of the game is simple - to link adjacent bubbles of the same color into chains. As you progress through the physics-driven stages it becomes increasingly more challenging and players' speed, strategy and skill will be put to the test.","From the art and stories of famed graphic novelist and filmmaker Enki Bilal, and the studio created by adventure game legend Benoit Sokal comes Nikopol: Secrets of the Immortals. Set in France in the year 2023, the country is governed by a dictator who rules by religious absolute power.","Solve exciting criminal cases on the mean streets as member of the autobahn police force - or freely explore the open game world while chasing down high-octane racers. Escort politicians, transport precious goods or take down the criminal element with over 500HP and close to 200MPH.","Prepare to be tempted, mesmerized and thrilled, become the Overlord, how corrupt you become depends on how you handle any given situation. Your actions impact the game world. With incredible power at your disposal and a team of evil minded minions to do your evil bidding, how will you resist the temptation to be incredibly despotic?","Prepare to be tempted, mesmerized and thrilled, become the Overlord, how corrupt you become depends on how you handle any given situation. Your actions impact the game world. With incredible power at your disposal and a team of evil minded minions to do your evil bidding, how will you resist the temptation to be incredibly despotic?","The player can take control of American, British, Russian, or German forces to play out battles that are set in World War II. The game is primarily a strategy game, but the player can take control of his or her forces and direct them with the keyboard and mouse for additional depth of control.","In the space of fifty years, Earth changed from a planet on cusp of a challenging future to a world a breath away from lifelessness and plunged into an apocalyptic time of ecological disaster, global warfare and the meltdown of human civilization. This is the time of the Maelstrom.","Develop your own hospital drama and manipulate the results to your best advantage! In charge of a rapidly expanding hospital, your job is to cure the patients with your army of doctors and nurses while successfully managing the facilities and taking care of everyone's needs.","Indulge in the fusion of puzzle, light and music. Experience the addictive puzzle action enhanced with stylish graphics and block-rocking beats. Lumines introduces you to a brand new block-dropping-puzzler experience. As you create 2x2 squares in same color, the vertical time line wipes them away from left to right.","Indulge in the fusion of puzzle, light and music. Experience the addictive puzzle action enhanced with stylish graphics and block-rocking beats. Lumines introduces you to a brand new block-dropping-puzzler experience. As you create 2x2 squares in same color, the vertical time line wipes them away from left to right.",Ready for the next challenge? Prepare yourself for the ultimate LUMINES experience and show us your skills! This exciting pack includes: 21 skins + 2 bonus skins for Challenge Mode 60 mind-bending puzzles to solve in Puzzle Mode 35 stages of quick-thinking and fast-moving in Mission...,"Welcome to Liberty City. Where it all began. With stellar voice acting, a darkly comic storyline, a stunning soundtrack and revolutionary open-world gameplay, Grand Theft Auto III is the game that defined the open world genre for a generation.","Welcome to Vice City. Welcome to the 1980s. From the decade of big hair, excess and pastel suits comes a story of one man's rise to the top of the criminal pile.","Five years ago Carl Johnson escaped from the pressures of life in Los Santos, San Andreas... a city tearing itself apart with gang trouble, drugs and corruption. Where filmstars and millionaires do their best to avoid the dealers and gangbangers. Now, it's the early 90s. Carl's got to go home.","You awake to the sound of your own panicked breath. In Manhunt, you must run, hide and fight to survive. If you can stay alive long enough, you may find out who did this to you. This is a brutal blood sport.","Max Payne is a man with nothing to lose in the violent, cold urban night. A fugitive undercover cop framed for murder, hunted by cops and the mob, Max is a man with his back against the wall, fighting a battle he cannot hope to win.","Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne is a violent, film-noir love story. Dark, tragic and intense, the in-depth story is a thrill-ride of shocking twists and revelations. Love hurts.","The world's most notorious drivers meet each night on the streets of LA, Paris, and Tokyo. Choose from a collection of performance-enhanced cars or bikes and compete head-to-head to make a name for yourself. There are no rules. Drive anywhere in the city. Find the fastest route to win.",Drive dozens of varied vehicles around three of America's toughest cities. Only the best will be able to tame the fastest cars. Only the smartest will know all the short-cuts and the whereabouts of the hottest wheels. Only the toughest will be able to take on the world and finish the job like a professional...,"Grand Theft Auto is back. The cars are faster. The streets are busier. The bad guys are nastier. The police are angrier. And now, the FBI and the Army are getting involved... Seven ruthless gangs are involved in a ruthless power struggle and it is up to you to make a name for yourself. Respect is earned, not given.","Bully tells the story of mischievous 15-year-old Jimmy Hopkins as he goes through the hilarity and awkwardness of adolescence. Beat the jocks at dodge ball, play pranks on the preppies, save the nerds, kiss the girl and navigate the social hierarchy in the worst school around.","What does the American dream mean today? For Niko Bellic fresh off the boat from Europe, it is the hope he can escape from his past. For his cousin, Roman, it is the vision that together they can find fortune in Liberty City, gateway to the land of opportunity.",Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City includes both The Lost and Damned and The Ballad of Gay Tony together and does not require a copy of the original Grand Theft Auto IV to play.,"Welcome to Vice City. Welcome to the 1980s. From the decade of big hair, excess and pastel suits comes a story of one man's rise to the top of the criminal pile.","The World Union is labeled the 'perfect society'. Prosperity is a science, disease and wars have vanished, sex is entertainment, and the future has never looked brighter. Suddenly this perfect society is rocked by the murder of a World Union citizen in the 'Rogue State' of Russia.",A shadow of evil has fallen on the kingdom of Ancaria. It is a time for champions - a time to journey into the perilous world of SACRED. Battle blood-thirsty orcs &amp;amp; lumbering ogres... Destroy undead wizards &amp;amp; rotting mummies... Slay hellish demons &amp;amp; legendary dragons.,"Darkstar One offers a fantastic amount of freedom of choice. The story-based missions gradually lead you deeper into the galaxy to new races, new technologies and ever stronger opponents. Explore a vast array of solar systems in search of hidden artifacts of ancient races, essential objects for upgrading your ship--the Darkstar One.","Colonial England. Under a certain amount of duress... Jack takes on a job, which will not only cause him a great deal of trouble, but also bring to light the answer to a mystery out of his distant past. A lack of money leads Jack to accept a charter to take a British secret agent to mysterious 'Tooth Island'.","FlatOut Ultimate Carnage lifts destruction racing to a whole new level of bone-breaking slaughter. FlatOut Ultimate Carnage is arcade destruction racing at its best and most extreme with real world physics, three different game modes and offering players a wide variety of online and offline multiplayer options.","The small country of Arulco has been taken over by a merciless dictator - and only you can loosen the iron grip! Jagged Alliance 2 Gold Pack immerses you into an elaborate role-playing universe where you will interact with more than 150 characters, recruit your own band of soldiers and create your own custom mercenary to win back Arulco...","The small country of Arulco has been taken over by a merciless dictator - and only you can loosen the iron grip! Jagged Alliance 2 Gold Pack immerses you into an elaborate role-playing universe where you will interact with more than 150 characters, recruit your own band of soldiers and create your own custom mercenary to win back Arulco...","The Intelligence Agency has commissioned you, Francis Rixon, to find out what is happening inside the Corporation's confines and to retrieve information about a secret mineral upon which the very existence of the human race may depend.","Perimeter 2: New Earth is the long-awaited sequel of the critically acclaimed RTS Perimeter. Ideas of territorial gameplay and landscape modification, introduced in the original game, are now realized on a new concept &amp; technology level.","Big Score is based around a classic story of police vs. criminals in a fight for a big score. The fantastic action will leave you breathless and will pump-up your adrenaline while you are rescuing your ball, trying to hit that last glowing target.",This time he will not fail. This time Osiris will show the world of humans what he's made of. But the ankh alone is not enough - not as long as he hasn't found the most important part of his body: his heart. Life has not been kind to Assil. Only three weeks ago he managed to ward off his death curse.,"The omens of the Battle of the Gods have been many, signaling the impending fight for supremacy over all other gods of Egypt. And of course, Assil will be caught in the middle of it all again. Together with his girlfriend Thara, he will have to prevent the sinister Seth from winning the battle and subjecting Egypt to his regime of terror.","BC Kings features several new elements not commonly found in strategy games. In addition to gathering resources, training an army and defeating the enemy, you will have to solve adventure and role-playing elements as well. The campaign is built around the epic story of the brave hero Mradin, and his trusty old friend Giesnik.","The Caribbean in the 17th Century - Trade with over 60 towns, create your own production facilities, expand your trading empire and influence the development of the New World. As pirates and military fleets threaten your trade convoys, you'll need escort ships.",9th Company Roots of Terror is an action-oriented real-time strategy game based on actual events that took place during the Soviet military campaign in Afghanistan. 9th Company follows the story of a ragged band of young recruits undergoing brutal training in Uzbekistan’s Fergana Valley and culminates with a bloody stand against the...,"PuzzleQuest: Challenge of the Warlords delivers, for the first time ever, classic puzzle-game action backed with an epic story of good vs. evil. Challenge your match 3 skills as you battle against computer opponents to save the Kingdom of Etheria from the evil Lord Bane.","Crack that Whip! Take reigns of a privately run prison. You are responsible for the care, custody, and control of individuals who have been arrested. Begin with a low security prison and build it up to a SuperMax. From construction to daily operations, you must protect society while turning a profit. It's time for lockdown.",Your American Dream Starts Behind the Wheel of Your Own Big Rig! North America's open roads await! You ain't working for the Man any more! You're the owner of your own trucking business and you call the shots. Build your empire one rig at a time to dominate the roadways and outbid the competition. Can you handle the pressure?,The Ultimate PC Hunting Experience Is Back...Bigger and Better Than Ever! Jump Right Into the Action with Hunting Unlimited 2008™! Get up close and personal with the big game you seek. Gone are the endless hours of empty forests and unused shots. The search for the elusive prized trophy has never been more action packed or more realistic.,"Organized crime is taking over Metro City. As a detective in the 83rd precinct you must use your Mahjongg skills to unearth clues and bring the criminals to justice. Don Diamante, the city's undisputed godfather, must be located and brought in. Collect and match evidence tiles to pinpoint perpetrators.","Are you ready to build the Greatest Midway on Earth? Summer nights, flashing lights, stomach churning rides, girls and guys all combine to make the perfect carnival. Attract them, thrill them, feed them, frighten them, and leave them yearning for more! Run your own traveling carnival.","Welcome to the world of HotDish, where knowing your way around the kitchen is a recipe for success! Build your career one dish at a time as you start at the bottom of the culinary ladder as a line cook in a local Italian restaurant with dreams of one day becoming a world class 5 Star French chef.","The Doctor is In! Dr. Daisy has just graduated from veterinary school and needs to complete 5 rotations to finish her residency. Help her diagnose and heal needy animals in this madcap dash classic. From the local veterinary clinic to a sea park all the way to a big city zoo, Daisy needs to keep her ailing friends happy and healthy.","Buckle up. You're going for a ride. Race at speeds over 140 MPH on dirt, on the proving grounds for today's top professional drivers. Shoulder to shoulder sprint car racing makes for spectacular crashes, and white-knuckle driving. Start out as a small town star and work your way up through the ranks to become a national legend.","Push Every Boundary...of Your Car and of the Law. Enter an explosive world where nitrous erupts and rubber burns. You live your life one race at a time and from midnight to dawn, the adrenaline is on. Feel the raw power of your super-charged engine as you punch the accelerator for cash and hard-won respect.","Become immersed in the fantastic world of Aris  a world populated by Orcs, Elves, Dwarfs and Humans. Complete more than 30 challenging quests to find the three parts of the Hand of God amulet and save Aris from impending doom.",Drakensang is a third-person party-based RPG based on the pen &amp;amp; paper role-play rules of The Dark Eye. Drakensang is the first PC game for over 10 years to be based on Germany's most successful and popular role-play system. Drakensang builds on the pen &amp;amp; paper rules as applied in version 4.0.,Do you have what it takes to design a fancy frock or a fashion flop? Compete in creative challenges for the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to show your creations in a major runway event and become the ultimate fashion designer. Will you be asked to stay or leave Mission: Runway? Take on the fashion challenge?,"Get the Shot. Get the Game. Experience fast-paced hunting action in pursuit of the biggest trophy bucks throughout North America, Canada and Now the Bavarian Forest! Wilderness Madness! Free Hunt Mode drops you right in the action with game a plenty, or for exacting hunting adventures try Challenge Mode. Calling All Predators.","How evil can you get? Discover how corruptible you are in Overlord, the twisted fantasy action adventure where you can be evil (or really evil). In the game's seriously warped fantasy world, players will become the Overlord and get first-hand experience of how absolute power corrupts absolutely.","As the King of Iolcus, Jason had everythinga prosperous kingdom, the respect of his peers, and a beautiful fiancé. When she was killed on their wedding day, he vowed to do anything to restore her life. Now, in order to accomplish this heroic feat Jason must seek out the Golden Fleece -- and with the help of Greek mythology's greatest...","Evolving the shooter genre with its unique and exhilarating combination of fluid action and combat, Damnation features huge, open environments, frenetic combat, daredevil acrobatics and high-octane vehicle-based stunts.","Overlord II, sequel to the critically acclaimed cult hit, sees the return of the chaotic Minions and their new Dark Master. Bigger, badder and more beautifully destructive, Overlord 2 has a Glorious Empire to smash, a massive Netherworld to revive, Minion mounts to mobilize, a trio of mistresses to woo, War Machines to crush opposition...","The Elite Units of America Downloadable Content for Empire: Total War™ adds 15 new elite units to the American, British and French factions of Empire: Total War. In the last half of the 18th century, the political upheaval from thirteen of British Colonies in North America ultimately led to the 1776 Declaration of Independence and...",The Elite Units of the East DLC for Empire: Total War™ adds 12 new elite units to the Maratha and Ottoman factions of Empire: Total War. Empire: Total War expands further East than any previous Total War game and this Downloadable Content includes the very best units from the Eastern lands.,"Survive, hunt and prey in the deadly jungles and swamps in distinctly new and thrilling first person gameplay.",Bring a whole new dimension to the action and excitement of Aliens vs. Predator with four all-new online maps. Two new Multiplayer maps for six different online modes: Docks: Horror comes from the deep at Weyland-Yutani’s abandoned dockyard.,"Welcome to the killing grounds of BG-386. Prove your skills on four new multiplayer maps spanning jungle swamps, Alien crashsites, industrial complexes and ancient temples. Your environment will be your deadliest enemy - constant rainstorms batter you, fog hides your predators with only a flash of lightning to show the way through.","A free game in the truest sense of the word, TrackMania Nations Forever lets you drive at mind-blowing speeds on fun and spectacular tracks in solo and multiplayer modes.TrackMania Nations Forever offers a new &amp;quot;Forever&amp;quot; version of the Stadium environment, a solid solo mode and 65 brand new, progressively challenging tracks.","This new Sherlock Holmes game sends us to 19th Century London where Arséne Lupin, a young French burglar with an impressive track record, has just challenged Scotland Yard and the most famous of detectives - Sherlock Holmes. This new adventure offers gamers tremendous freedom and an even stronger sense of involvement through real-time 3D.","Dracula: Origin reveals the dark origins of the Dracula curse. Once the ardent defender of Christendom, Dracula loses his faith in God when he is abandoned by his one true love after she marries. Dracula then makes a pact with the Prince of Darkness, and becomes a vampire.","Inspired by The adventures of Sherlock Holmes Written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. After Lord Montcalfe's death, his daughter Elisabeth turns to the famous detective Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery that surrounds her father's death.","The Sherlock Holmes series returns with this updated version of The Awakened, which brings a whole new dimension to the original title developed by Frogwares. Keeping with the traditional Point &amp;amp; Click gameplay style of the original adventure games, The Awakened has been totally rethought, offering players a new third-person view...","At a reception organised in honour of his daughter, Melvyn Bromsby, a rich tycoon, is about to make an important announcement concerning his future business affairs when, all of a sudden, a shot rings out. Sir Bromsby collapses, having suffered a mortal wound to the heart...","Hunker down at your London flat at 221b Baker St. The year is 1896, and Scotland Yard has called Sherlock Holmes with an urgent request for help. A young painter has been found murdered and rolled up in a remarkable Persian carpet.","Recognized as one of the best licenses in adventure gaming and lauded by the international press, Sherlock Holmes is back with an investigation that is sure to be the most horrifying of the series. In this great new adventure, the famous detective chases against the most threatening serial killer England has ever known - Jack the Ripper.","Surviving is only half the game. The award-winning atmosphere and gameplay mechanics of the original Shadowgrounds make a triumphant return in this spin off/sequel armed with a slick new feature set! Shadowgrounds Survivor tells the story of the last remaining humans on Jupiter's moon Ganymede, where the alien onslaught is in full force.","Test your reflexes, judgment and tactics while facing up to eight other players in this follow-up to the critically acclaimed and popular arcade game Gumboy: Crazy Adventures, winner of numerous accolades including Gametunnel's GAME OF THE YEAR 2006.","In the far future, humanity is ruled by The Ministry of Accounts, an oppressive bureaucracy that tracks, records and taxes every transaction of daily life. From the depths of Red Tape, a new breed of marketeer arises to challenge the authority and make a profit: the Space Trader is born!","On December 7, 1941, a major part of the U.S. Pacific navy stationed at Pearl Harbor was assaulted by Japanese planes. Japanese fighters were destroying American aircraft on land and in the air, without giving them a chance for a counterattack. The furious battle of Pearl Harbor became the first in the sequence of gory sea combats.","Pacific Storm: Allies expands upon the success of the internationally acclaimed original to deliver an unforgettable mix of real-time strategy and blistering arcade combat, recreating World War II's most heated battles.","Penguins Arena is a thrilling and innovative First Penguin Shooter with quick, hectic rounds and where the magic of reincarnation, combined with the supernatural ability to return to the game as a ghost, ensures that your character has every chance to change your tribe's fate, even in the afterlife.","Based on the award-winning mobile game of the same name, Obulis takes things to the next level by fusing highly compelling gameplay with outstanding graphics, music and state of the art physics effects. The goal of Obulis is to drop all of the colored spheres into their like-colored pots.","At the end of 19th Century, dark forces shade the world once again. A brave agent, experienced in exorcism and combat, comes to face the oncoming evil, and fight loathsome supernatural monsters and horrific spawns of black magic.","Chains is a challenging puzzle game with a unique feel and distinctive vector graphics style. The object of the game is simple - to link adjacent bubbles of the same color into chains. As you progress through the physics-driven stages it becomes increasingly more challenging and players' speed, strategy and skill will be put to the test.","From the art and stories of famed graphic novelist and filmmaker Enki Bilal, and the studio created by adventure game legend Benoit Sokal comes Nikopol: Secrets of the Immortals. Set in France in the year 2023, the country is governed by a dictator who rules by religious absolute power.","Solve exciting criminal cases on the mean streets as member of the autobahn police force - or freely explore the open game world while chasing down high-octane racers. Escort politicians, transport precious goods or take down the criminal element with over 500HP and close to 200MPH.","Prepare to be tempted, mesmerized and thrilled, become the Overlord, how corrupt you become depends on how you handle any given situation. Your actions impact the game world. With incredible power at your disposal and a team of evil minded minions to do your evil bidding, how will you resist the temptation to be incredibly despotic?","The player can take control of American, British, Russian, or German forces to play out battles that are set in World War II. The game is primarily a strategy game, but the player can take control of his or her forces and direct them with the keyboard and mouse for additional depth of control.","In the space of fifty years, Earth changed from a planet on cusp of a challenging future to a world a breath away from lifelessness and plunged into an apocalyptic time of ecological disaster, global warfare and the meltdown of human civilization. This is the time of the Maelstrom.","Develop your own hospital drama and manipulate the results to your best advantage! In charge of a rapidly expanding hospital, your job is to cure the patients with your army of doctors and nurses while successfully managing the facilities and taking care of everyone's needs.","Indulge in the fusion of puzzle, light and music. Experience the addictive puzzle action enhanced with stylish graphics and block-rocking beats. Lumines introduces you to a brand new block-dropping-puzzler experience. As you create 2x2 squares in same color, the vertical time line wipes them away from left to right.",Ready for the next challenge? Prepare yourself for the ultimate LUMINES experience and show us your skills! This exciting pack includes: 21 skins + 2 bonus skins for Challenge Mode 60 mind-bending puzzles to solve in Puzzle Mode 35 stages of quick-thinking and fast-moving in Mission...,"The world's most notorious drivers meet each night on the streets of LA, Paris, and Tokyo. Choose from a collection of performance-enhanced cars or bikes and compete head-to-head to make a name for yourself. There are no rules. Drive anywhere in the city. Find the fastest route to win.",Drive dozens of varied vehicles around three of America's toughest cities. Only the best will be able to tame the fastest cars. Only the smartest will know all the short-cuts and the whereabouts of the hottest wheels. Only the toughest will be able to take on the world and finish the job like a professional...,"Grand Theft Auto is back. The cars are faster. The streets are busier. The bad guys are nastier. The police are angrier. And now, the FBI and the Army are getting involved... Seven ruthless gangs are involved in a ruthless power struggle and it is up to you to make a name for yourself. Respect is earned, not given.","Bully tells the story of mischievous 15-year-old Jimmy Hopkins as he goes through the hilarity and awkwardness of adolescence. Beat the jocks at dodge ball, play pranks on the preppies, save the nerds, kiss the girl and navigate the social hierarchy in the worst school around.","What does the American dream mean today? For Niko Bellic fresh off the boat from Europe, it is the hope he can escape from his past. For his cousin, Roman, it is the vision that together they can find fortune in Liberty City, gateway to the land of opportunity.","The World Union is labeled the 'perfect society'. Prosperity is a science, disease and wars have vanished, sex is entertainment, and the future has never looked brighter. Suddenly this perfect society is rocked by the murder of a World Union citizen in the 'Rogue State' of Russia.",A shadow of evil has fallen on the kingdom of Ancaria. It is a time for champions - a time to journey into the perilous world of SACRED. Battle blood-thirsty orcs &amp;amp; lumbering ogres... Destroy undead wizards &amp;amp; rotting mummies... Slay hellish demons &amp;amp; legendary dragons.,"Darkstar One offers a fantastic amount of freedom of choice. The story-based missions gradually lead you deeper into the galaxy to new races, new technologies and ever stronger opponents. Explore a vast array of solar systems in search of hidden artifacts of ancient races, essential objects for upgrading your ship--the Darkstar One.","Colonial England. Under a certain amount of duress... Jack takes on a job, which will not only cause him a great deal of trouble, but also bring to light the answer to a mystery out of his distant past. A lack of money leads Jack to accept a charter to take a British secret agent to mysterious 'Tooth Island'.","FlatOut Ultimate Carnage lifts destruction racing to a whole new level of bone-breaking slaughter. FlatOut Ultimate Carnage is arcade destruction racing at its best and most extreme with real world physics, three different game modes and offering players a wide variety of online and offline multiplayer options.","The Intelligence Agency has commissioned you, Francis Rixon, to find out what is happening inside the Corporation's confines and to retrieve information about a secret mineral upon which the very existence of the human race may depend.","Perimeter 2: New Earth is the long-awaited sequel of the critically acclaimed RTS Perimeter. Ideas of territorial gameplay and landscape modification, introduced in the original game, are now realized on a new concept &amp; technology level.","Big Score is based around a classic story of police vs. criminals in a fight for a big score. The fantastic action will leave you breathless and will pump-up your adrenaline while you are rescuing your ball, trying to hit that last glowing target.",This time he will not fail. This time Osiris will show the world of humans what he's made of. But the ankh alone is not enough - not as long as he hasn't found the most important part of his body: his heart. Life has not been kind to Assil. Only three weeks ago he managed to ward off his death curse.,"The omens of the Battle of the Gods have been many, signaling the impending fight for supremacy over all other gods of Egypt. And of course, Assil will be caught in the middle of it all again. Together with his girlfriend Thara, he will have to prevent the sinister Seth from winning the battle and subjecting Egypt to his regime of terror.","BC Kings features several new elements not commonly found in strategy games. In addition to gathering resources, training an army and defeating the enemy, you will have to solve adventure and role-playing elements as well. The campaign is built around the epic story of the brave hero Mradin, and his trusty old friend Giesnik.","The Caribbean in the 17th Century - Trade with over 60 towns, create your own production facilities, expand your trading empire and influence the development of the New World. As pirates and military fleets threaten your trade convoys, you'll need escort ships.",9th Company Roots of Terror is an action-oriented real-time strategy game based on actual events that took place during the Soviet military campaign in Afghanistan. 9th Company follows the story of a ragged band of young recruits undergoing brutal training in Uzbekistan’s Fergana Valley and culminates with a bloody stand against the...,"PuzzleQuest: Challenge of the Warlords delivers, for the first time ever, classic puzzle-game action backed with an epic story of good vs. evil. Challenge your match 3 skills as you battle against computer opponents to save the Kingdom of Etheria from the evil Lord Bane.","Crack that Whip! Take reigns of a privately run prison. You are responsible for the care, custody, and control of individuals who have been arrested. Begin with a low security prison and build it up to a SuperMax. From construction to daily operations, you must protect society while turning a profit. It's time for lockdown.",Your American Dream Starts Behind the Wheel of Your Own Big Rig! North America's open roads await! You ain't working for the Man any more! You're the owner of your own trucking business and you call the shots. Build your empire one rig at a time to dominate the roadways and outbid the competition. Can you handle the pressure?,The Ultimate PC Hunting Experience Is Back...Bigger and Better Than Ever! Jump Right Into the Action with Hunting Unlimited 2008™! Get up close and personal with the big game you seek. Gone are the endless hours of empty forests and unused shots. The search for the elusive prized trophy has never been more action packed or more realistic.,"Organized crime is taking over Metro City. As a detective in the 83rd precinct you must use your Mahjongg skills to unearth clues and bring the criminals to justice. Don Diamante, the city's undisputed godfather, must be located and brought in. Collect and match evidence tiles to pinpoint perpetrators.","Are you ready to build the Greatest Midway on Earth? Summer nights, flashing lights, stomach churning rides, girls and guys all combine to make the perfect carnival. Attract them, thrill them, feed them, frighten them, and leave them yearning for more! Run your own traveling carnival.","Welcome to the world of HotDish, where knowing your way around the kitchen is a recipe for success! Build your career one dish at a time as you start at the bottom of the culinary ladder as a line cook in a local Italian restaurant with dreams of one day becoming a world class 5 Star French chef.","The Doctor is In! Dr. Daisy has just graduated from veterinary school and needs to complete 5 rotations to finish her residency. Help her diagnose and heal needy animals in this madcap dash classic. From the local veterinary clinic to a sea park all the way to a big city zoo, Daisy needs to keep her ailing friends happy and healthy.","Buckle up. You're going for a ride. Race at speeds over 140 MPH on dirt, on the proving grounds for today's top professional drivers. Shoulder to shoulder sprint car racing makes for spectacular crashes, and white-knuckle driving. Start out as a small town star and work your way up through the ranks to become a national legend.","Push Every Boundary...of Your Car and of the Law. Enter an explosive world where nitrous erupts and rubber burns. You live your life one race at a time and from midnight to dawn, the adrenaline is on. Feel the raw power of your super-charged engine as you punch the accelerator for cash and hard-won respect.","Become immersed in the fantastic world of Aris  a world populated by Orcs, Elves, Dwarfs and Humans. Complete more than 30 challenging quests to find the three parts of the Hand of God amulet and save Aris from impending doom.",Drakensang is a third-person party-based RPG based on the pen &amp;amp; paper role-play rules of The Dark Eye. Drakensang is the first PC game for over 10 years to be based on Germany's most successful and popular role-play system. Drakensang builds on the pen &amp;amp; paper rules as applied in version 4.0.,Do you have what it takes to design a fancy frock or a fashion flop? Compete in creative challenges for the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to show your creations in a major runway event and become the ultimate fashion designer. Will you be asked to stay or leave Mission: Runway? Take on the fashion challenge?,"Get the Shot. Get the Game. Experience fast-paced hunting action in pursuit of the biggest trophy bucks throughout North America, Canada and Now the Bavarian Forest! Wilderness Madness! Free Hunt Mode drops you right in the action with game a plenty, or for exacting hunting adventures try Challenge Mode. Calling All Predators.","How evil can you get? Discover how corruptible you are in Overlord, the twisted fantasy action adventure where you can be evil (or really evil). In the game's seriously warped fantasy world, players will become the Overlord and get first-hand experience of how absolute power corrupts absolutely.","As the King of Iolcus, Jason had everythinga prosperous kingdom, the respect of his peers, and a beautiful fiancé. When she was killed on their wedding day, he vowed to do anything to restore her life. Now, in order to accomplish this heroic feat Jason must seek out the Golden Fleece -- and with the help of Greek mythology's greatest...","Evolving the shooter genre with its unique and exhilarating combination of fluid action and combat, Damnation features huge, open environments, frenetic combat, daredevil acrobatics and high-octane vehicle-based stunts.","Overlord II, sequel to the critically acclaimed cult hit, sees the return of the chaotic Minions and their new Dark Master. Bigger, badder and more beautifully destructive, Overlord 2 has a Glorious Empire to smash, a massive Netherworld to revive, Minion mounts to mobilize, a trio of mistresses to woo, War Machines to crush opposition...",Operation Flashpoint: Dragon Rising is a game about a fictitious conflict on one of the Sakhalin islands.,"Ride your music. Audiosurf is a music-adapting puzzle racer where you use your own music to create your own experience. The shape, the speed, and the mood of each ride is determined by the song you choose.","Master the Art of Speed and become a Ninja Gamer! Ninja Reflex uses martial arts challenges to test your reflexes, sharpen your hand-eye coordination, and measure your reaction times to the millisecond. Wield throwing stars, katanas, nunchucks...even chopsticks!","Download AA3 Today and Become a Member of the elite America's Army Team! America's Army fans and new players alike can now experience America's Army 3, the official U.S. Army game.","You are John Dalton, an ex-Marine assigned to patrol the edge of human space as a Marshal for the Terran Colonial Authority. Unexpectedly, your monotonous life is shattered by a chilling distress signal, plunging you into an adventure beyond belief. Violent turmoil among the races has erupted on your watch.","Now includes the free Titan Pack expansion! The Titan Pack gives players a substantial amount of enhanced features and new content, including many original environments, new gametypes, the namesake Titan mutator, powerful deployables and weapons, new characters, and the Stealthbender vehicle.",Unreal Tournament 2004 is a multiplayer first person shooter that combines the kill-or-be-killed experience of gladiatorial combat with cutting-edge technology. Ten game modes - both team-based and &amp;quot;every man for himself&amp;quot; -- provide even the most hardcore gamer with palm-sweating challenges through unbelievably detailed indoor...,"Unreal Tournament is the original King of the Hill in the frag-or-be-fragged multiplayer gaming world. As the undisputed 1999 Game of the Year, Unreal Tournament grabbed the first person shooter genre by the soiled seat of its pants and knocked it around the room with its never-before-seen graphics, brutal edge-of-your-seat gameplay and...","Your prison ship has crash-landed on the fastest, sleekest, most dangerous 3D world ever created. Look around, crystal clear water shimmers, shadows dance and shift, alien architecture fades into the horizon.","Enter the dark underworld of Prince of Persia Warrior Within, the sword-slashing sequel to the critically acclaimed Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time&amp;trade;. Hunted by Dahaka, an immortal incarnation of Fate seeking divine retribution, the Prince embarks upon a path of both carnage and mystery to defy his preordained death.","A tropical paradise seethes with hidden evil in Far Cry®, a cunningly detailed action shooter that pushes the boundaries of combat to shocking new levels. Freelance mariner Jack Carver is cursing the day he ever came to this island.","The Prince of Persia, a seasoned warrior, returns from the Island of Time to Babylon with his love, Kaileena. Instead of the peace that he longs for, he finds his homeland ravaged by war and the kingdom turned against him.","Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six makes its next-generation hardware debut in the most dramatic installment of the renowned first-person shooter franchise to date. Rainbow operatives take to the chaotic streets of Las Vegas as an escalating terrorist siege in 'Sin City' threatens to take world terrorism to new, uncontrollable heights.","Infiltrate terrorists' positions, acquire critical intelligence by any means necessary, execute with extreme prejudice, and exit without a trace! You are Sam Fisher, a highly trained secret operative of the NSA's secret arm: Third Echelon.","The year is 2008. Citywide blackouts ... stock exchange sabotage ... electronic hijacking of national defense systems ... this is information warfare. To prevent these attacks, operatives must infiltrate deep into hostile territory and aggressively collect critical intelligence, closer than ever to enemy soldiers.","The best-selling Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell&amp;reg; saga takes on an entirely new direction. In the highly anticipated sequel to the 2005 game of the year, Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent&amp;trade;, play as a double agent spy for the first time ever.","Amidst the scorched sands of ancient Persia, there is a legend spun in an ancient tongue. It speaks of a time borne by blood and ruled by deceit. Drawn to the dark powers of a magic dagger, a young Prince is led to unleash a deadly evil upon a beautiful kingdom.","East Africa, 2009. A 60-year conflict boils over as Ethiopia invades its smaller neighbor Eritrea, threatening the world's most vital shipping lanes in the Red Sea. An elite team of U.S. Army Green Berets, known as the Ghosts, moves in to safeguard the seas and free Eritrea.","Ghost Recon takes the next step in battlefield realism with Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon&amp;trade;: Island Thunder&amp;trade;. Cuba, 2009: Castro is dead, and the first free Cuban elections in decades are thrown into turmoil by a drug-funded warlord. The Ghosts, an elite team of U.S.","Engineered specifically for the PC by Red Storm Entertainment, Rainbow Six returns to deliver the tensest close-quarters battles ever experienced online. In this episode, Rainbow faces independent terrorist threats, tied together by one common element - the Legion virus.","Hordes of crazed out-of control bunnies have invaded, enslaving Rayman and forcing him to participate in 'gladiator' style trials. Help Rayman win his freedom back by entertaining and outwitting these fury foes. Use the most hilarious fighting moves imaginable.","Assassin's Creed™ is the next-gen game developed by Ubisoft Montreal that redefines the action genre. While other games claim to be next-gen with impressive graphics and physics, Assassin's Creed merges technology, game design, theme and emotions into a world where you instigate chaos and become a vulnerable, yet powerful, agent of...",Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six® Vegas 2 - the sequel to the award-winning next-generation first-person shooter - returns to Sin City. Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas 2 is your last chance to rescue America's sexiest city from an escalating terrorist siege that will force you into heart-pounding action from beginning to end.,"For centuries, the planet Hyllis has been bombarded by a relentless alien race. Skeptical of her government's inability to repel the invaders, a rebellious action reporter named Jade sets out to capture the truth.","Saddle up for fun in a game that combines your passion for horses with thrills and adventure! You'll be rewarded for raising horses, training champions, and saving the ranch in Petz horsez 2. Raise horses from birth and learn to feed, clean, and take care of them Earn money to buy new horses and accessories by entering challenging...","Witness the amazing evolution of the genre-defining strategy game as it becomes a next-generation phenomenon, melding classic deep fantasy with next-generation visuals and gameplay. In the renowned Might &amp;amp; Magic universe, demon swarms spread chaos over the land in a relentless assault.","Based on a true story. Set during the famous airdrop before the invasion at Normandy, where Sgt. Matt Baker and his squad of 101st Airborne Paratroopers were scattered over the French countryside. As the story unfolds, you must choose between the success of your mission and the lives of your men - your brothers in arms.","Hunt, hide and kill as you take command of U.S. submarines and crews and navigate the treacherous waters of the Pacific during WWII. Silent Hunter, the industry-leading naval warfare simulation franchise for over a decade, returns to its roots with next-generation graphical realism, immersive gameplay, innovative crew evolution and more...","The king of submarine simulations returns with an all-new 3D engine, new crew command features, and more realistic WWII naval action than ever before. The movie-like graphics and simple, tension-filled gameplay make this the perfect game for the realism fanatic and the casual gamer.","Developed by Ubisoft's Romania studio, Blazing Angels Secret Missions is an intense action-adventure air combat game that takes place during WWII. In this game, you are the leader of Operation Wildcard, an undercover and elite squad of pilots secretly created by the American government.",Experience the thrill of the hunt! Prowl the waters as the captain of a German submarine in a never-before-seen theatre of operations  the Indian Ocean. Take part in the war against British supply lines off the coast of North Africa and support the Japanese war against the U.S. Navy.,"In a ferocious Arctic storm, distress signals are sent from a mysterious Russian whaler. As leading Coast Guard veteran Tom Hansen, you board to investigate &amp;#151; and discover unthinkable horrors lurking beneath the ship's bloodstained decks.","Eastern Europe, 2008. War has broken out on the borders of Russia and the fate of the world hangs in the balance. That's when the call goes out for the Ghostsan elite handful of specially trained Green Berets, armed with the latest technology and trained to use the deadliest weapons.",Heritage of Kings The Settlers is a world-building strategy game with fully rendered 3D visuals and unavoidably addictive gameplay. Players can dive into a detailed medieval world offering a unique mix of RTS and simulation gameplay.,"Il-2 1946 includes all of the original IL-2 series content: IL-2 Sturmovik™: Forgotten Battles, Ace Expansion Pack, Pacific Fighters™ and alternate histry campaigns of year 1946. What was years ago began as a one-aircraft study sim is now an astonishing anthology, with a whopping 229 flyable aircraft and over 300 aircraft total!","For the first time, play as the Orc faction and recruit heroes, build armies and manage cities as you explore and conquer legendary lands. Use tactics, skills and magic to outsmart fantasy armies while developing your heroes and unveiling the dark plot that threatens to tear the world of Ashan apart.","Take part in a thrilling new adventure in the world of Ashan with the Hammers of Fate expansion. Discover uncharted territories and experience new ways of playing Heroes of Might &amp; Magic V. Introducing a brand-new Dwarves faction, made up of heroic warriors and rune magic adepts who stalk the deepest mountains and most hostile regions of...","Brothers in Arms Hell's Highway brings the critically acclaimed squad-based WWII shooter into the next generation of gaming with amazing graphics and sound, new cutting-edge gameplay features and a totally redesigned online component.","Harvest: Massive Encounter is an award-winning real-time strategy game with battles of epic proportions and a unique style of resource management and exploration. Build power plants, mineral harvesters and defense towers and make sure they have sufficient energy to fend off endless hordes of evil aliens.","You can't save the whole world. It's going to be eaten by a mythological demon with the head of a fish. But as a puppet that absorbs all it touches, you can try to rescue as much of Earth's greatness as you can before the end arrives. In the beginning, you roam the Earth, capable of absorbing only the tiniest of objects.","BASE jump through a floating city, creating your own stunts to delight your fans. Use quick reflexes to negotiate the intricate tangle of girders that make up the floating city. Flip protesters off for points!","Dejobaan Games loves you. And you always hurt the one you love. Here are five brand new, ultra-punishing levels designed to make you hurl your keyboard across the room in frustration. These are unfair obstacle courses of shifting barricades, split-second decisions, and twists so narrow that they'll abrade away your nose.","Battle your favorite drum 'n' bass track, or relax as you fly through that trance album. &amp;quot;Ugly Baby&amp;quot; takes your MP3 music library and creates floating cities for you to explore. Ten years after the events in Dejobaan's award-winning AaaaaAAaaaAAAaaAAAAaAAAAA!!!",82 remastered levels from the original and 43 brand new ones that are twice as fast!,"With a focus on fast-action RTS gameplay, Dawn of War II brings to life the science fiction universe of Warhammer 40,000 like never before. Experience the intimate brutality of battle as you play through your chosen race’s epic campaign.","Selected by the fickle finger of fate, Abe™, floor-waxer first class for RuptureFarms, was catapulted into a life of adventure when he overheard plans by his boss, Molluck the Glukkon™, to turn Abe and his fellow Mudokons into Tasty Treats as part of a last-ditch effort to rescue Molluck's failing meat-packing empire.","Abe's peaceful retirement was shattered when visited by a vision from the Mudokon Spirit Guides. Abe&amp;trade; learned the Magog Cartel was mining Necrum, the sacred Mudokon city of the dead, to collect bones to make super-addictive SoulStorm Brew.","New port for 2016! 60 FPS, higher res textures, higher poly models, improved audio, numerous fixes and improvements, and trading cards, badges, emotes and backgrounds!","You're the Stranger, a mysterious bounty hunter on a mission to bag the ultimate prize. And you need that money like no one else because there is something very wrong with your health and the only way to fix it is a very costly operation.","Planet Busters is a new single-player game from Slam, combining puzzle-solving action with awesome firepower and spectacular explosions. The mysterious Scourge have destroyed Earth. Now it’s payback time.","Journey back in time with the 7 Wonders series to when magnificent structures were being built in far away lands. Enjoy challenging match-3 gameplay in a newly enhanced interactive environment where you not only learn about marvelous new wonders such as Stonehenge and Taj Mahal, but also watch them come to life piece by piece before your...","Glory and adventure await as you return to save ancient Egypt from certain doom in Luxor: Amun Rising. The sequel to the runaway hit game, you must defeat the rebellious princes of Megiddo before they overthrow the pharaoh and plunge the two lands into chaos!","The much anticipated sequel to the #1 casual game of 2005, LUXOR 2 sets the new standard for action-puzzlers. LUXOR 2 takes you on a beautiful voyage through 88 all-new, gorgeously rendered levels set amongst the pyramids of ancient Egypt.","A brave young Pharaoh, killed prematurely by a fierce sandstorm and embodied by the gods as a skillful scarab, must battle the powerful god of Chaos, Set, to free the essences of other Egyptian gods contained within colorful magical spheres.","Celebrating 30 years of breakout games, action-packed Reaxxion is the next generation, letting gamers wield the power to manipulate liquid metal to destroy targets! Like no breakout game before it, Reaxxion is a unique entertainment experience that will capture your imagination and excite your senses.","Have a down-home good time at Little Farm, where you'll use your puzzle-solving and matching skills to help The Normans adjust to farm life and grow truck-loads of vegetables! The Normans left the city to retreat to Uncle Nate's farm&amp;#151;but this isn't a farm of leisure!","Addictive and exciting, Luxor is an action-puzzler that takes you on a thrilling adventure across Ancient Egypt. Isis has enlisted you to battle Set and his evil minions. Use your scarab to shoot and destroy the approaching spheres before they reach the pyramids. Use Isis&amp;#146; magic by catching talismans, gems, and Ankh coins.","Break out your magnifying glass and passport-It's time for Discovery!, the seek-and-find game show with your host, Jerry Landers and the beautiful Jill Summers. Step up to the wheel, and choose today's adventure! Will it be Spain, China, Australia, or one of three other fabulous international hot spots?","On a quest to recover the Scepter of Zeus for The Museum of Lost Secrets, archeologist and adventurer Samantha Swift stumbles upon one of the greatest archeological finds of all time! Unfortunately, she also runs into greedy treasure hunter Ravena Stryker.",It's time to build nine of the most intriguing structures throughout history! Match runes to break blocks and uncover the lock and keystone for each round. Rotate the cube face to move your keystone along the pathways you've created to reach each level's lock and conquer all six sides!,"LUXOR, the #1-selling, action-puzzle game, blasts outside Egypt's borders and onto the Silk Road in search of riches beyond imagination. One of the most beautiful and well-known faces in history is also one of its greatest mysteries.","When Samantha's new benefactor asks her to track down Alexander the Great's Scroll of Wealth, the opportunity seems too be good to be truesearching for the scroll while collecting amazing finds for the Museum of Secrets Lost!","Care for and nurture a tribe of little people by teaching them the basics of survival. They need to become farmers, builders, scientists, parents and make decisions about unpredictable 'island events'! Guide their day-to-day lives and help them explore and restore their new home.","Somewhere in the Pacific, there was a beautiful island, called Isola, where lost villagers made their home. The castaways explored their small part of the island and knew every corner. Only a mysterious cave had not been carefully explored.","Plant Tycoon is a gardening sim game where you nurture plants and experiment with increasingly rare and valuable species. The object is to breed and cross breed plants until you find the 6 Magic Plants of Isola and solve the genetic puzzle. You start with a couple of dollars, a handful of seeds, some soil and water.","Fish Tycoon is a virtual fish breeding game. The object is to breed and cross breed fish until you find the 7 Magic Fish and solve the genetic puzzle. You will have to buy supplies like meds, eggs and special plants and then sell some of your fish in your virtual pet store.",Embark on a journey with a group of villagers in search of a new part of the island to populate. Land on the hidden shores of the northern side of Isola and explore what was once a secret city. Find new sources of food to nourish your villagers and help them rebuild the remains of this mysterious city. Who lived here before?,"From the developer of the smash-hit Virtual Villagers series comes the new casual game that captures the drama of life&amp;#151;Virtual Families! Virtual Families is a casual family sim that runs in true-real time. Adopt and nurture a needy person in the computer. Help them meet a mate, and start a family.","Everyday Shooter is an album of games exploring the expressive power of abstract shooters. Dissolute sounds of destruction are replaced with guitar riffs harmonizing over an all-guitar soundtrack, while modulating shapes celebrate the flowing beauty of geometry.","Deployed just minutes before the blast triggered by the original F.E.A.R. team, you assume the role of Special Forces Sgt. Michael Becket as your routine mission quickly turns into a fight for survival against the wrath of Alma Wade.",Meet Chaos Theory! A balanced mix of arcade gameplay and challenging physics-based puzzle solving.The main objective in Chaos Theory is to fill &amp;quot;Collectors&amp;quot; with magnetically charged particles. Those particles move freely in the environment and are influenced by other objects and their magnetic forces.,"RedLynx Trials 2 Second Edition is a spectacular motorcycle game featuring stunning graphics and addictive gameplay! 4 game types (race, flip, wheelie, dynamic)Race: Race against other players to compete levels as fast as possibleFlip: Try to make as many backflips or frontflips with your bikeWheelie: Drive on your backwheel for longest...","Race, jump and nitroboost your way pass thrilling dynamic levels with your monster trucks. Earn medals and unlock new levels and vehicles. Lots of brilliant tracks Be fast but use also your wits to pass the tracks Improve your times and earn medals Collect the Nitro tanks to unleash special powers! Unlock extra trucks!","Enter the fast shooting world of INSECTICIDE as hot shot rookie Detective Chrys Liszt and help solve a crime of epic proportions. Lead your team on a bug hunt, collecting clues and solving puzzles. Use old-fashioned street smarts, unique insect abilities and an arsenal of ingenious bug weapons to confront your suspects.","Inspired by the fascinating story and unbreakable spirit of British secret agent Violette Szabo, players take control of Violette Summer, a beautiful World War II spy deep behind enemy lines with no support or official backing from the British Government.","All creatures of ancient myth, legend and lore are real  they've just been sealed away for thousands of years inside Pandora's Box, waiting... When a thief named Deckard is hired to steal an ancient artifact, he unwittingly triggers a war between man and myth.","Sid Meier's Civilization IV: Colonization is the third offering in the award winning Civilization IV series. A re-imagining of the classic Colonization game Sid Meier created in 1994, Sid Meier's Civilization IV: Colonization is a total conversion of the Civilization IV engine into a game experience in which players will lead a European...","The period of Classical Antiquity saw the rise of city states from Phoenicia, Greece, and later Rome and Persia. Their struggles all centered on the great sea in the &amp;quot;Middle of the Earth,&amp;quot; hence the name Mediterranean.",The Indus River valley was home to the early Harappan civilization while the Yellow River valley in China saw the rise of the earliest Chinese dynasties. Both these regions are included on the same map. The Cradle of Civilization map packs are Firaxis-designed maps of real-world locations.,"Although civilization blossomed later in the western hemisphere, the region from Peru in the south to Mexico in the north was just as important as an incubator for the development of ancient cultures. This map spans this rugged area of jungles and highlands.","This is the traditional Western and Middle Eastern “Cradle of Civilization.&amp;quot; It includes the Fertile Crescent, with the Nile River valley to the west and extending east down the Tigris and Euphrates river valleys to the Persian Gulf. The Cradle of Civilization map packs are Firaxis-designed maps of real-world locations.","Explorers Map Pack Ten fantastic single-player maps make up this Civilization V DLC pack designed by Firaxis Games. Five of the maps are based on real-world locations, chosen for their historical interest and gameplay possibilities. The remaining five are scripted map environments.","Scenario Description: The year is 1492. To the courts of England, France, and Spain come intrepid explorers, anxious to voyage across the Atlantic in search of a western route to China and the Indies. Will they found a new trade route and uncover untold riches from the Asian shores?","Previously available exclusively as part of the Digital Deluxe Edition, the Babylonian Civilization Pack and their ruler, Nebuchadnezzar II (c. 630 – c. 561 B.C.), is now available as a separate download.","Interact with new types of city-states, engage in new city-state quests and global competitions, and master exciting new systems for land and naval combat.",This edition packages weapon DLC from ten previous expansions as well new featured content.,"Tribes: Ascend is the world’s fastest shooter - an online multiplayer FPS with jetpacks, skiing, vehicles, and multiple classes.","Children of the Nile&amp;trade; is a unique gem of a city-building game, unparalleled in both grandeur and attention to detail.As Pharaoh you will guide your people through thousands of years of history: from simple hunter-gatherers to the creation of an immortal civilization.","Children of the Nile: Alexandria is an addition to the base Children of the Nile game, adding a new mini-campaign focused on the rise of the city of Alexandria. Using the unique city-building dynamics of Children of the Nile, you will carve out a new dynasty to rule all of Egypt, and build the greatest city of the ancient world!","June 11, 2009 - Update Two new playable Orc classes: Lord (Warrior) or Shaman. Expanded gameplay: Orcs consume twice as much food, learn martial skills faster, manufacture items slower, and the Shaman uses totems to summon creatures. Several new items regardless of character class.","As John Singleton Mosby, one of the Civil War's most interesting and dynamic leaders, you are charged, not with leading vast armies into battle, but with commanding small bands of skirmishers, scouts, and guerilla fighters on opportunistic missions to scout, ambush, steal supplies, and harass a larger and better-armed force of Union soldi","Adapt to Survive  An epic story thrusts players into an ever-changing environment, forcing them to adapt their tactics and approach to conquer battlefields ranging from newly frozen jungle to zero-gravity alien environments. Suit up!  A high-tech Nanosuit allows gamers to augment their abilities in real time on the battlefield.",Pulse-racing new installment from 2007's PC Game of the Year*: Play as Sergeant Sykes and experience a whole new side of the battle. A standard combat mission behind enemy lines becomes critical when you discover your enemies have captured something of vital importance to the ensuing war.,"From Single Cell to Galactic God, evolve your creature in a universe of your own creations. Play through Spore's five evolutionary stages: Cell, Creature, Tribe, Civilization, and Space. Each stage has its own unique style, challenges, and goals.","In a city where information is heavily monitored, agile couriers called Runners transport sensitive data away from prying eyes. In this seemingly utopian paradise, a crime has been committed, your sister has been framed and now you are being hunted.",Chase or Be Chased. You never thought it would turn out like thisan all-out chase where you're the hunted. And the hunter. Now you must get behind the wheel and risk everything to infiltrate a ruthless international crime syndicate and take them down.,"Add horror and humor to your universe. Make grotesque beasts or cuddly critters, then watch them do the robot, zombie walk, break dance and more! Includes over 100 new items.","You are a Grey Warden, one of the last of a legendary order of guardians. With the return of an ancient foe and the kingdom engulfed in civil war, you have been chosen by fate to unite the shattered lands and slay the archdemon once and for all.","As Commander Shepard, you lead an elite squad on a heroic, action-packed adventure throughout the galaxy. Discover the imminent danger from an ancient threat and battle the traitorous Saren and his deadly army to save civilization. The fate of all life depends on your actions!","Only the Dead Survive. A massive deep-space mining ship goes dark after unearthing a strange artifact on a distant planet. Engineer Isaac Clarke embarks on the repair mission, only to uncover a nightmarish blood bath  the ship's crew horribly slaughtered and infected by alien scourge.","The desperate leadership of a doomed Soviet Union travels back in time to change history and restore the glory of Mother Russia. The time travel mission goes awry, creating an alternate timeline where technology has followed an entirely different evolution, a new superpower has been thrust on to the world stage, and World War III is...","Dive into the zombie apocalypse with Zombie Panic! Source: a cooperative, survival-horror first-person-shooter. One of the most popular Half-Life 2 modifications of all time.","Age of Chivalry is a total conversion for Half-Life 2 from Team Chivalry, a close group of friends dedicated to creating a fun, story-driven multiplayer experience set in a fantasy world in the medieval ages. Age of Chivalry features a fast paced first person melee combat system that will take the player to a new level of immersion.",Synergy is a simple Half-Life 2 Modification (Mod) that enables you to play through the Half-Life 2 series and many other 3rd-party campaigns cooperatively with friends.,D.I.P.R.I.P. is a Half-Life 2 multiplayer total conversion. Gameplay is based on vehicle combat in various post-war environments. Vehicles use multiple weapon mounts which are activated by finding weapons scattered around the battlegrounds. Key locations in the post-war world are rich in uncontaminated water and fuel.,Eternal Silence is a science fiction mod that pits two capital ships against each other in a seamless blend of space warfare and tactical infantry combat. Pilots coordinate strikes with invading infantry in order to take down the behemoth capital ships from both the inside and out.,"Pirates, Vikings, and Knights II pits three teams against each other in a struggle for wealth, power and total domination. Whether using the Gunpowder Keg to clear out a territory full of enemies, or the Javelin to pin your dead foes to a wall, you'll find this game both hilarious and exhilarating.","Dystopia is a cyberpunk game on the Source engine that places the player into tense combat situations in a high-tech world spanned by computer networks. Playing as either Punk mercenaries, or Corporate security forces, the player will fight through the physical world to gain access, via jack-in terminals, to cyberspace.","Grab your rifle, join your team mates, and enter the fight. Take to the modern battlefield and engage in intense, realistic battles. Choose your side between a highly organized conventional army or the partisan insurgents.",Explore war-torn post-apocalyptic landscapes and take fight against enemies using various weapons in this FPS/RTS hybrid.,"Smashball is a fast-paced, ultra violent first-person sports shooter. Two teams use super-human maneuvers, a real-physics grappling hook and high-powered weaponry to try to get a single ball into their opponent's goal. On the league web site, players can see match stats, create teams and participate in our cash tournaments!","Unique strategy/first person shooter mix: One commander on each team plays from above, choosing research, placing buildings and giving orders. The rest fill the role of soldiers on the ground, with four distinct classes to choose from and customizable vehicles to drive.","On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness, Episode One is the first installment in the RPG-Adventure game series based on the web comic Penny Arcade. Create your character in the classic comic style, and join Gabe and Tycho in the alternate 1920s universe of New Arcadia, where you'll combat savage enemies, solve mysteries, meet bizarre new...","On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness, Episode Two is the second installment in the RPG-adventure game series based on the web comic Penny Arcade. Whether you're a fan of the first installment or new to the series, you'll be able to pick up and play Episode Two as a standalone experience.","For uncounted years, DeathSpank has been a Dispenser of Justice, a Vanquisher of Evil, and a Hero to the Downtrodden. DeathSpank has long searched for a powerful artifact called….The Artifact. Forged by unknown hands for unknown purposes some unknown time in the past, The Artifact is now within DeathSpank’s reach. What is The Artifact?",Deathspank and Deathspank: Thongs of Virtue are now available on the Mac!,Roesha is a downloadable co-op character who helps DeathSpank in both his battles and his adventure. Enjoy 50% off both the game and DLC!,Roesha is downloadable coop character who helps DeathSpank in both his battles and his adventure.,Defend the solar system from fearsome aliens by sending satellites into orbit in revolutionary tower defense action!,"Spectraball combines elements of platforming, puzzle solving, addictive gameplay, and stunning visuals to deliver an experience that sets a new standard for the genre. In addition, Spectraball utilizes Steamworks, offering full support for achievements and stat tracking.","Crazy Machines 2 is packed with all new features to help you create your wackiest &amp;quot;Rube Goldberg-style&amp;quot; contraptions yet! All new elements, plus an amazing 3D physics engine lets you craft even more complex gadgets and effects.",Harness the power of water to solve new mind bending experiments. Gear up and go with the flow with 20 all-new Fluid levels! Add some water to the mix for these crazy conundrums! Put your thinking cap on and piece the solutions together drop by drop!,The Master of Crazy is back and ready to put you through the test of time! Fix your time machine then travel back and experience 50 prehistoric levels where Rube Goldberg-style game play relies on Stone Age technology!,"Turn the crank, rotate the gears, push the levers, Use the catapult, explode it, or fly it...From grilling sausages with a pulley, gears, rubberbands and a candle to firing a cannon with a basketball, these wacky brain-teasers will light up your imagination with creative and addictive fun.","Create Your Own Zany &amp;quot;Rube Goldberg&amp;quot; Devices! Go crazy with over 200 brand new gizmo-twistin' levels! Enjoy all-new elements, music, backgrounds and more. Start off in the Inventor's Training Camp to sharpen your skills.","Satisfy your brains puzzle craving with even more Crazy Machines 2! Ratchet up the fun and tinker around with over 60 all-new levels! Challenge yourself with a wild new batch of elements including a monster truck, electrostatic fields, fiber optic cables, a hot air balloon and so much more.","1883, SANTA FE. Peace in this town has been shattered by a shocking kidnapping. Gather your men and ride on a series of challenging missions to stop treacherous, marauding outlaws in this story of vile blackmail and revenge.","TRUST NO ONE BUT YOURSELF as you adventure into the dark world of espionage amidst the volatile atmosphere of impending war. As a double agent, you must find clever ways to pit enemy factions against each other while eluding pursuers in each of your increasingly dangerous missions.","Defense Grid: The Awakening is a unique spin on tower defense gameplay that will appeal to players of all skill levels. A horde of enemies is invading, and it's up to the player to stop them by strategically building fortification towers around their base.","New Maps, New Strategies, New Experiences, and New Achievements From the Creators of Defense Grid Defense Grid: Resurgence Map Pack 1 Service Interruption and Height of Confusion - Two new challenging Defense Grid environments are the first two released in the Resurgence DLC.","New Maps, New Strategies, New Experiences, and New Achievements From the Creators of Defense Grid Defense Grid: Resurgence Map Pack 2 Risk Exposure and Roundabout - Don’t miss out on the next two maps in the Resurgence series. Risk Exposure will allow you to discover your ability to defend two independent power core housings!","New Maps, New Strategies, New Experiences, and New Achievements From the Creators of Defense Grid Defense Grid: Resurgence Map Pack 3 Urban Planning and Tactical Diversion - It’s the third of four great map packs in the Resurgence series.","New Maps, New Strategies, New Experiences, and New Achievements From the Creators of Defense Grid Defense Grid: Resurgence Map Pack 4 Kill Zone and Overflow - The final installment of the Resurgence series includes two more environments sure to challenge your tactical planning.","In this first full-story expansion to the award-winning Defense Grid, GLaDOS, the menacing AI from Valve’s awesome Portal franchise, guest stars and shakes up the Defense Grid world.","Defense Grid: Containment is the all-new expansion to the award-winning tower defense game: Defense Grid: The Awakening. Built from a successful Kickstarter campaign with thousands of backers, Defense Grid: Containment provides players with many hours of new content including 8 new maps, a new story, two new characters (voiced by...","Wage war on your friends and enemies in this simple and engaging strategy game. Easy to learn and quick to play, Mayhem Intergalactic is surprisingly strategic. Play against the computer, or duke it out with friends over the internet. The universe shall be yours!","And Yet It Moves is a puzzle-platformer, set in a unique world, made of ripped paper. Within the paper-collage you can jump, run and last but certainly not least: rotate the world. Learn how to apply the physical consequences of rotation to master the many tricky situations you may encounter.","Zero Gear is physically-fueled, online multiplayer kart combat madness. Deck out your kart and character before jumping into one of many different game modes. Outrageous kinematic gameplay and weapons make every round a blast. The potential for tiny vehicular mayhem has never been so humongous!","In Silent Hill Homecoming, Alex Shepherd has returned to his hometown of Shepherd's Glen to investigate the sudden disappearance of his brother. From Shepherd's Glen to the foggy streets of Silent Hill, Alex will face the darkest of horrors while struggling with his own grip on reality.",Enter the dark and savage lands of the Ashurin Empire as you battle to avenge the atrocities the Empire brought upon your tribesmen. On your heroic quest to topple the Empire you will fight fierce beasts and battle hardened warriors in this new Puzzle RPG hybrid game.,Tank Universal creates a huge virtual 'Tron-like' world where you take part in immense 3D tank battles involving scores of units both friendly and not so friendly in wide open levels! Players can bombard the enemy from a distance or close the gap and dodge shells point blank - all in an immersive first person perspective.,"Space Ark is a fun arcade/puzzle game with a hint of retro arcade flavour; inspired by classic arcade games of the late 80s, such as Rainbow Island, Bubble Bobble and Arkanoid. With your crack team of animal ‘Arkonauts’, you have escaped your once peaceful solar system, which has been shattered by a wandering black hole, and are now...","Eternity's Child, a quirky, hand drawn next generation 2D platformer is based on a fairy tale by Luc Bernard. It arrives on Steam with exclusive Steam Only levels and HD Resolution. Features: Beautiful 2D graphics with one of the most unique art direction done in a videogame Orchestral Soundtrack Game to be updated with new levels and...","With its unprecedented combination of authenticity, compelling story and squad-based action, the Brothers in Arms franchise has established itself as a benchmark for military action games, receiving the highest average review scores of any console WWII game to date (www.gamerankings.com).","Raven Shield:Command an elite multinational squad of special operatives against hidden terrorist forces. In Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six 3: Raven Shield, the third installment to the wildly popular Rainbow Six series, Team Rainbow faces the hidden global forces of a new and secretive foe.","You are a gun for hire, trapped in a war-torn African state, stricken with malaria and forced to make deals with corrupt warlords on both sides of the conflict in order to make this country your home. You must identify and exploit your enemies' weaknesses, neutralizing their superior numbers and firepower with surprise, subversion,...","In Settlers: Rise of an Empire Gold Edition, the player creates their own empire of bustling cities in a captivating medieval world. However, threats are always looming so you must be prepared to defend your mighty kingdom. Powered by RenderWare, everything is visible, highly detailed, and real.","The critically acclaimed Prince of Persia® franchise returns for the first time on next-generation platforms with an all-new epic journey. Built by the same award-winning Ubisoft Montreal studio that created Assassin's Creed™, Prince of Persia has been in development for over three years to deliver a whole new action-adventure gaming...","Galactic Bowling is an exaggerated and stylized bowling game with an intergalactic twist. Players will engage in fast-paced single and multi-player competition while being submerged in a unique new universe filled with over-the-top humor, wild characters, unique levels, and addictive game play.","Set 50 years after the climactic events of the original Red Faction, Red Faction: Guerrilla allows players to take the role of an insurgent fighter with the newly re-established Red Faction movement as they battle for liberation from the oppressive Earth Defense Force.","S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Clear Sky is set in 2011, one year prior to the events of the original S.T.A.L.K.E.R. game. A group of stalkers, for the first time, reaches the very heart of the Zone-the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant-and triggers a cataclysm on the brink of a catastrophe.","JOIN THE REVOLUTION! Lured to Mars by the Ultor Corporation's promise of a better life, thousands have come to seek their fortune and work for the massive mining company. But all is not as it seems. A deadly plague is sweeping through the barracks, and miners suffer daily abuse at the hands of the Ultor guards.","Company of Heroes®: Tales of Valor™ is the expansion to the Game of the Year winner and highest rated real time strategy franchise Company of Heroes®. Featuring new campaigns to overcome, units to command, and battlefields to conquer, Company of Heroes®: Tales of Valor™ delivers evolved gameplay mechanics and 3 episodic adventures...","Twenty-second century Earth. Five years after the rebellion on Mars. For the last 15 years, Sopot, the corrupt dictator, has oppressed the people of the Commonwealth. His relentless pursuit of unification with the neighboring United Republic has left the country soaked in unnecessary bloodshed and poverty.","Moonpod's Starscape mixes old school arcade game play values with characterization and an involving plot to deepen the whole experience. With most of its crew missing and its weapons systems ruined, the space research station Aegis is all but lost.","Asimov is a lowly service mechanoid aboard the interstellar colony ship Eidolon. Carrying hundreds of frozen human colonists to a new world. When the Eidolon's computer brain malfunctions, it falls to Asimov to undertake a perilous journey through the bowels of the massive ship to save his robot friends and the precious human cargo. Mr.","Shatter is a retro-inspired brick-breaking game that merges familiar action with unique twists and a modern crafted production approach. Innovative controls, physics effects, power-ups, special attacks, and boss battles which combine to provide an experience that is always interactive.",The award-winning Shatter Official Videogame Soundtrack by Jeramiah “Module” Ross in MP3 format.Tracklist:Kinetic HarvestAuroraGranular ExtractorKrypton GardensFreon WorldAmethyst CavernsNeon MinesArgon RefineryXenon Home WorldThe End Of The WorldBoss MusicHomelandsGlass HallsHyperspace Bonus LevelTracks in MP3 format will be located in...,Now you can experience this fantastic RPG on Mac and PC!,"Enjoy a captivating story, dynamic combat system and beautiful graphics in the second installment in the RPG saga about the Witcher, Geralt of Rivia.","When all the villains in Arkham Asylum team up and break loose, only the dynamic duo is bold enough to take them on to save Gotham City. The fun of LEGO, the drama of Batman and the uniqueness of the combination makes for a comical and exciting adventure in LEGO Batman: The Videogame.","The lines between good and bad have been blurred and crime and terror run rampant in the streets. The alleys, rooftops and sewers are crawling with criminals and brutal gangs. And now, Underboss &amp;mdash; in a daring escape &amp;mdash; has broken out of prison and is ruling with vicious darkness.","Build the adventure from Privet Drive to the Triwizard Tournament and experience the magic of the first four Harry Potter stories – LEGO style! Explore Hogwarts™ School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, learn spells, brew potions and relive the adventures like never before with tongue-in-cheek humor and creative customization that is unique to...",Gravitron 2 is a retro styled arcade gravity shooter in which you must pilot your way through some of the most devious terrains ever devised. Key Features: 40+ stages packed full of enemies and traps 3D sound in a 2D enviroment Online highscores Configurable controls Stylized neon vector graphics Bucket load full of particle effects...,"Project Aftermath is the PAX10 winning Arcade RTS where you command up to four squads of soldiers in exciting battles in a retro-futuristic world. Equip your squads to suit your playing style, researching new items using the spoils of war; choosing from over 100 different weapons, armour, power-up augmentations and spell-like special...","Pyroblazer&amp;reg; is a futuristic combat racing game. Set amidst the awe-inspiring locations of New Apeiron, players get the opportunity to race through a multitude of environments using a wide selection of anti-gravity craft known as Blazers.","Set in the swashbuckling era, Age of Booty™ is a casual real-time strategy game that puts players at the helm of their own pirate ship with the goal of sending your enemies to the briny deep, and looting and capturing towns for your pirate faction.","Join the Herd! Protect your cornfields and lock up your livestock, because FLOCK is here! Pilot a UFO around vibrantly-colored landscapes in this charming sandbox puzzle game where you must herd animal life back to the Motherflocker.","Street Fighter® IV brings the legendary fighting series back to its roots by taking the beloved fighting moves and techniques of the original Street Fighter® II, and infusing them with Capcom's latest advancements in next generation technology to create a truly extraordinary experience that will re-introduce the world to the time-honored ","The first true sequel to the classic 1988 Nintendo Entertainment System original, Bionic Commando sees the return of the bionically-enhanced Nathan &amp;quot;R.A.D.&amp;quot; Spencer. Time has not been kind to Spencer: Five years after his heroic defeat of the Imperials, he has been betrayed by the government he swore to serve, imprisoned for...","You were the fastest wheelman on the street. You were a legend. You were money. Until they set you up and sent you down. Twenty-eight years inside for someone else's crime. Now you're getting out. Guess what? You got a new job, it's called getting revenge.","Live the thrilling career of an army commander and lead your army to victory in a massive online World War III! Take control of the U.S.-led Joint Strike Force, the European Enforcers Corps, or the Russian Spetsnaz Guards Brigade in a persistent ongoing World War.","THE OLD WEST, 1864. In order to save their family, the McCall brothers will kill anyone who stands between them and the legendary Gold of Juarez. But when the allure of women and money tests their bond as brothers, will the blood they share prove to be thicker?",World of Goo is a multiple award winning physics based puzzle / construction game made entirely by two guys.,"Calradia is a land at war, offering great riches and even greater dangers to adventurers and mercenaries that flock to shed their blood on its soil. With courage and a strong sword, an unknown stranger can make a name as a warrior. Free-form sand-box gameplay.","Surrounded by enemies and assaulted by terror from all sides, Philip must collect clues and solve vexing puzzles while combating the gnawing psychological terrors that assail his mind and threaten to strip him of his sanity.","Includes Hearts of Iron II plus the two expansions, Doomsday and Armageddon When Germany is defeated in 1945, the Allies and the new Soviet alliance fight for supremacy. World War III is drawing closer. Play as the ruler of one of 175 countries through World Wars II and III.","Puzzle expansion for Penumbra: Black Plague. Requiem is part of Penumbra: Black Plague Gold Edition, included in the Penumbra Collection.","Penumbra:Overture is a first person survival horror game, emphasizing on survival and problem solving instead of mindless violence and gore.",Zeno Clash is an action/fighting game set in a punk fantasy world. The game is played from a first person perspective and the combat is generally up close and brutal. Experience a deep storyline set in a fantastic world.,"A rock-solid combination of rock-rolling action, deep strategy, and captivating art and music from different ages of history, this is a game of crush or be crushed!","Vault-Tec engineers have worked around the clock on an interactive reproduction of Wasteland life for you to enjoy from the comfort of your own vault. Included is an expansive world, unique combat, shockingly realistic visuals, tons of player choice, and an incredible cast of dynamic characters.","Rogue Warrior is a character-driven, first-person-shooter, featuring Richard 'Demo Dick' Marcinko's explosive personality in an action-packed single player campaign, and intense multiplayer combat. Playing as Richard 'Demo Dick' Marcinko, you go behind the iron curtain to disrupt a suspected North Korean ballistic missile program.","The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind® Game of the Year Edition includes Morrowind plus all of the content from the Bloodmoon and Tribunal expansions. The original Mod Construction Set is not included in this package. An epic, open-ended single-player RPG, Morrowind allows you to create and play any kind of character imaginable.","The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion® Game of the Year Edition presents one of the best RPGs of all time like never before. Step inside the most richly detailed and vibrant game-world ever created. With a powerful combination of freeform gameplay and unprecedented graphics, you can unravel the main quest at your own pace or explore the vast...",Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth is a first-person horror game that combines intense action and adventure elements.,You decide the combat role you want to assume in the world of Brink as you fight to save yourself and mankind’s last refuge!,"Extend your customization options even further with the exclusive DOOM®/Psycho combo pack. Each pack contains unique apparel, tattoos, weapons and weapon attachments for your in-game character.","Extend your customization options even further with the exclusive Fallout®/SpecOps combo pack. Each pack contains unique apparel, tattoos, weapons and weapon attachments for your in-game character.","Secrets, lies and double agents. Nothing and no one is who they seem as the Resistance and Security factions deal with the arrival of a mysterious ship from the outside world. In Agents of Change, the battle for the future of humanity spreads to two all-new districts of the Ark – the futuristic, underwater Labs facility and Founders’...","Prepare for the Future™ With Fallout 3: Game of the Year Edition, experience the most acclaimed game of 2008 like never before. Create a character of your choosing and descend into an awe-inspiring, post-apocalyptic world where every minute is a fight for survival.","Enter a military simulation and fight in one of the greatest battles of the Fallout universe – the liberation of Anchorage, Alaska from its Chinese Communist invaders. Build and command interactive Strike Teams to win the battle and defeat the Chinese base. Gain access to new weapons, exotic armor, and items…even a Chinese Stealth Suit!","You may have dealt the Enclave a serious blow at Project Purity, but their forces are still out there, and still pose a grave threat to the people and security of the Capital Wasteland. In Broken Steel, you’ll continue your current Fallout 3 character past the events of Project Purity, and work with the Brotherhood of Steel to eradicate...","Explore a sprawling settlement ravaged by time, neglect, nuclear radiation, and moral degradation. The Pitt is filled with morally grey choices, shady NPCs, new enemies, new weapons, and much more. Explore an entire new area – the postapocalyptic ruins of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, known as The Pitt.","Defy hostile alien abductors and fight your way off of the massive Mothership Zeta, orbiting Earth miles above the Capital Wasteland. Mothership Zeta takes Fallout 3 in an entirely new direction – outer space. Meet new characters and join with them in a desperate bid to escape the Aliens’ clutches.","Buy a ticket and hop onboard the Duchess Gambit, as Tobar the Ferryman takes you to the strange seaside town of Point Lookout. What secrets does the dilapidated boardwalk hold? Who lives in the sprawling mansion? Why is the Punga Fruit so important? And what horrors lie in the depths of the murky swamp?","It will take the combined efforts of two great warriors to explore menacing dungeons, overgrown ruins, and downtrodden towns … and discover the secrets of the Demon’s Forge.","Open your mind and discover your power as you explore the world of Spectromancer! A turn-based online fantasy card game, co-designed by Magic: The Gathering's Richard Garfield and Alexey Stankevich, creator of Astral Tournament and Astral Masters, Spectromancer allows players to participate in a magical duel against other mages by...","The world of Spectromancer just got more dangerous...and more interesting! League of Heroes is the first expansion for this online fantasy cardgame, and it features three new mage classes which can be used in online play, the arena (a new single player mode), or in the original campaign.","Prove your deck-making skills by drafting cards in the new Spectromancer expansion! Truth and Beauty is the second expansion for this online fantasy card game, and it features three new mage classes which can be used in online play, the original campaign, the League of Heroes, or the new Draft Tournament mode.","Gathering of Power expansion introduces 4 new classes: Warrior Priest, Vampire Lord, Cultist and Golem Master.","Ten years on from Worms™ Armageddon and the turn-based comic mayhem continues in Worms™ Reloaded, an all-new edition available for PC through Steam.",Experience the explosive science fiction arcade-shooter that resurrects a much revered franchise in an epic single player and co-op multiplayer campaign.,"For Worms™ Reloaded players who enjoy the strategic action and visual variety of the 'Fort mode', or for those who have seen them while playing online and wished they could have them too, this DLC pack offers an opportunity to purchase the previously exclusive x10 Forts that have been only available to those who pre-purchased the game.","The Worms™ Reloaded &amp;quot;Puzzle Pack&amp;quot; features 20 mind-boggling single-player puzzle missions, designed to test even the most cunning Worms™ players. The &amp;quot;Puzzle Pack&amp;quot; also includes 3 new hats, 3 new speech banks, 3 new gravestones, a new &amp;quot;puzzle&amp;quot; landscape theme and 12 new Achievements.","The Worms™ Reloaded &amp;quot;Forts Pack&amp;quot; features 20 addictive and challenging single-player levels, based upon a variety of fort-based mission objectives. The &amp;quot;Forts Pack&amp;quot; also includes 10 brand new forts for multi-player battles, 3 new hats, 3 new speech banks, 3 new gravestones, a new &amp;quot;Fort&amp;quot; landscape theme and...","The Worms™ Reloaded &amp;quot;Time Attack&amp;quot; pack features 20 new heart-pounding single-player race missions designed to test players’ Rope and Jet Pack skills to the limit! The &amp;quot;Time Attack&amp;quot; pack also includes 3 new hats, 3 new speech banks, 3 new gravestones, a new &amp;quot;Time Attack&amp;quot; landscape theme and 12 new...","The Worms™ Reloaded &amp;quot;Retro Pack&amp;quot; features 15 single-player missions that have been hand-picked from the classic Worms™: Armageddon game and re-worked exclusively for this downloadable content pack. The &amp;quot;Retro Pack&amp;quot; also includes 3 new hats, 3 new gravestones, a new landscape theme and 10 new Achievements.","Can you survive the alien onslaught? Gamers across the world will now have a chance to play the next chapter in this high-budget, high-quality series.",Experience the final explosive chapter in the Alien Breed series and uncover the horrifying truth surrounding the existence of the Breed. Launch discount good thru Nov. 24 10am PST.,"Make rectangles of the same type of yosumin to make them disappear in this mind-bending puzzle game. The more you get, the better you'll feel! Yosumin!, Square Enix's puzzle masterpiece, is here! Simply select rectangles of the same type of yosumin to make them disappear in this simple yet challenging puzzle game.","Mitra, yama, qsiti, sovani... These four races exist in one world. A world filled with Remnants — mysterious artifacts from an ancient era. Who created the Remnant? How long ago? And for what purpose? With these questions left unanswered, the Remnants became beneficial tools used for the good of civilization. The world was at peace...","Gyromancer is a Pop Cap / Square Enix collaboration. This is a Puzzle RPG. Join Rivel and his companion, Laska, on a grand chase spanning twelve stages. What awaits at the end of the hunt?Each stage contains its own objectives, from defeating the beasts that block your way to solving puzzles before time runs out.","The city builder strategy game Imperium Romanum is set in the time-honoured Roman Empire and players will marvel in the incredible attention to detail when working on a strategy to build a well organised, prosperous and commanding settlement. As governor of a Roman province, the fortune very much lies in the players own hands.",Europa Universalis Rome Gold combines the epic strategy title Europa Universalis Rome with the expansion pack Vae Victis. Experience one of the most defining periods in world history in an experience crafted by the masters of Grand Strategy.,"Raise massive armies, embark on epic campaigns to expand the Empire, and take control of the known world! Engage in grand-scale city building and create magnificent cities with creativity and control like never before.","Re-live the reign of Augustus in the official expansion pack for the hit PC title Grand Ages: Rome. Reign of Augustus includes a brand new campaign comprised of 12 missions, new maps and a wealth of enhanced gameplay features.","The mean cruel cold blooded tyrant Ceville ruthlessly rules the beautiful kingdom of Faeryanis. Or rather, he used to rule the beautiful kingdom of Faeryanis, until the brave people revolted against his regime and drove him out of the palace.","Become the dictator of a remote island during the Cold War. Charm, persuade, intimidate, oppress, or cheat your people to stay in power! Are you a kind and generous leader? A corrupt and ruthless tyrant ruling with an iron fist?","The puzzle game of the future has arrived! The original best-selling new Puzzle franchise is back in an all new dimension with its signature Match-3, turn based battles in an insanely addictive and masterful hybrid of RPG and Puzzle genres.","Thousands of giant insects and aliens once again ravage the earth, and only the Earth Defense Force can stop them.",Go headfirst against the Ravager invasion with this ultimate weapons pack for your Earth Defense Force Battle Armor!,The Trooper Special Issue Enforcer Package has 10 weapons designed for the EDF's ground forces.,Make the most out the Earth Defense Force Tactical Armor with the Tactician Advanced Tech Package for Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon.,Make the most out the Earth Defense Force Tactical Armor with the Tactician Advanced Tech Package for Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon.,"Depths of Peril is a single player action RPG (role-playing game) with strong strategy elements. You play as a faction leader protecting the barbarian city, Jorvik, by destroying threatening monsters and completing quests. At the same time, you compete with rival factions to see who will rule the city.","Puzzle Kingdoms challenges players to plan out strategic attacks in order to defeat their opponents. Order troops across the map, conquering cities through innovative puzzle gameplay. Players build and manage armies led by heroic commanders to save the world of Etheria from the brink of destruction.",Ever dreamed of driving trains? Now you can! Train Simulator 2017 brings to life some amazing train challenges on real world routes and delivers the ultimate railway hobby.,This stunning RailWorks expansion pack features the unique and beautiful Isle of Wight railway.,"All Aboard Rails provides a stunning and fresh new route for Train Simulator. Centred around a fictional North American small town of Tri-City, the Cottonwood foundry and its Rascal mine. At roughly 20 miles long, this wonderfully designed route includes beautiful and detailed scenery making for an exciting and immersive experience.",Richard Garber of All Aboard has raised the bar once again with his second excellent and immersive American route for Train Simulator. This time set against the back drop of two completely disconnected towns coming together over the formation of a railroad to extract newly discovered raw materials from the area.,Let’s step back to a simpler time in the United States of America and travel to the eastern seaboard and then northeast to the state of Maine. Even in Maine we will keep heading north until we reach the central northernmost part of Maine to just south of the Canadian border.,"The Glasgow Airport Rail Link (GARL) was a proposal to directly link Glasgow Central station with Glasgow International Airport in Scotland, United Kingdom","Dash 9 Locomotive RailWorks Addon Debuting in 1993, the C44-9Ws proved very popular with many North American railroads featured in this Add-on. Over their production life, the Dash 9s have amounted to almost 2500 units across more than 10 operators on 3 continents around the world.",Designed by Henry Fowler the 4F is a class of 0-6-0 locomotive created primarily for medium freight work,Network SouthEast (NSE) was one of three passenger sectors Created by British Rail in 1982.,The Class 57 was created by Brush Traction using old British Rail Class 47 (Brush Type 4) bodies with upgraded General Motors engines and running gear. For this reason Class 57s have become known as 'Body-Snatchers'.,"In 1999, after acquisition by FirstGroup, Great Western Trains applied a revised livery to their existing stock without the need for repainting!","The most significant route expansion since the launch of RailWorks, West Coast Main Line North brings you well over 100 miles of highly-detailed railway line.","Set amid the grime and decay of a Northern England railway scrapyard in 1981 and featuring the Class 03 shunter, Doncaster Works captures a snapshot in time when large parts of British Rail’s ageing diesel traction fleet were being dismantled and replaced with new-generation locomotives and multiple units.","The Falmouth Branch Expansion Pack (based on ‘The Maritime Line’, as it was once known), extends from Truro all the way down to Falmouth. Revisit an idyllic era of steam on this classic West Country branch line, take control of the new 57xx Pannier tank locomotive and experience 12 miles of scenic Cornwall.","Welcome to the lost age of chivalry, where magic and myth is alive, and you are destined to be one of the living legends: Arthur, the son of Uther Pendragon, the Once and Future King of the prophecies. Fulfill your destiny and claim your rightful place on the throne of Britannia.","It all happened in the darkest century of the medieval Europe, when a visionary Pope ignited the flames of the first crusade and united the rivaling nations for one single cause: to conquer the Holy Land.","Aquaria is an award-winning action-adventure game set in a massive underwater world teeming with life and filled with ancient secrets. Join Naija, a lone underwater adventurer, as she travels from hidden caves shrouded in darkness, to beautiful, sunlit oases in search of her past.","""The legend of the Once and Future King is as ancient as the realm of Britannia itself. It tells about the arrival of a great king who will unite the warring kingdoms of the land and bring peace and prosperity to all.","""The legend of the Once and Future King is as ancient as the realm of Britannia itself. It tells about the arrival of a great king who will unite the warring kingdoms of the land and bring peace and prosperity to all."" Three sets of unique and ancient artifacts become available.","A long time ago the Saxons came to Britannia as ruthless mercenaries, but they became the devoted warriors of Christianity, united under the rule of King Raedwald. When Arthur, the son of Uther Pendragon pulled his cursed sword from the stone, the dark age of wizardry and pagan monstrosities returned.","Wales is the beautiful and fiercely independent realm of tribal lords, wizards, and dragons that slumber beneath the roots of Snowdonia. It’s new leader, King Ryons used to be the most dangerous warlord of the land. He wants to restore the power of the Old Faith in Britannia and he always reaches his goals.",An all-new standalone expansion to the hit RPG-Strategy game!,Experience the sequel to the Role-playing Real Time Strategy Hit!,"This is a tale of revival, resurrection and revenge; the chronicle of how the greatest adversary of King Arthur came into power – and the terrible price he had to pay. Our journey begins in Eboracum, in one of the greatest cities built in the Roman provinces of Britannia.","The Blue Comet add-on pack recreates the excitement and splendor of this remarkable train. Stunningly detailed and making use of up-to-date smoke, sound, physics and script features, the Blue Comet promises to be a satisfying addition to your Trainz collection.","The feature packed Duchess set is a must have for anyone with a taste for the romance of rail. Conceived by the office of Sir William A. Stanier FRS, the Duchess is a classic example of British engineering at its finest.","Classic Cabon City is a large city with over 180 stations and a two-track system enabling full choice in the route to your destination. Drive two different Trams with their own cab and follow your route on the HUD interface, Switch junctions directly from the Driver's cabin and explore the vast city laid out before you.",We take you to one of the most famous and scenic British main lines at the time of the transition from steam to diesel power. With 10 different types of locomotives and dozens of rolling stock items at your disposal you decide what train to drive.,"Murchison 2 is a merging of the original Narrow Gauge Murchison logging layout with an extensive Standard Gauge rail network. By incorporating landscape based on actual New Zealand electronic map data with specially developed Nature Series sets (animated waterfalls, river splines, textures, cliff splines, rail ledge splines, rock...","Build And Operate The Railroad Of Your Dreams....With Your Friends!Trainz Simulator 12, Now With MultiplayerTS12 includes the most exciting new feature in the history of Trainz. The players have asked for it and we have delivered Trainz Multiplayer. Now players from all over the world can build, play and operate railroads together!","By the 1950's, passenger revenues on America's railroads had long since passed their heyday. Automobiles were fast becoming an affordable option for the modern traveller, and flight was also steadily gaining in popularity.",The PRR T1 'A Fleet of Modernism' DLC Pack recreates the striking image of these shark nosed behemoths in their days of speeding the 'Fleet of Modernism' cars to their destination on trains such as 'The Broadway Limited' and 'The General'.,"The Coronation Scot is a powerful steam passenger locomotive built for British railways in the 1930’s. The Coronation Scot celebrates the halcyon days of LMS passenger service by recreating the sights and sounds of this historic train, and is now available as part of your Trainz collection.","British Rail devised the Class 14 locomotives to replace the seemingly indispensable ex-GWR Pannier Tanks which busily performed shunting duties, yard transfers and short haul freight services on Western Region tracks.",The Shao Shan 4 (SS4 improved) electric locomotive is one of the most powerful DC electric locomotives in China. Manufacturing began in the mid 1980's and the locomotives are widely used throughout most of China's electrified railways to this day.,"Take Your Creature From Zero To Galactic Hero Get out of your starship and turn your Spore creatures into legendary Space Captains. For the first time, beam down with your allies to take on action-packed, planetside adventures.","Download Burnout™ Paradise: The Ultimate Box today. Paradise City is the largest and most dangerous setting yet for the best-selling Burnout series. The massive setting gives players an open-ended world to explore, as they race their vehicles through hundreds of miles of roads and underground passages with more than 70 different cars.","SimCity 4 Deluxe Edition includes the bestselling SimCity 4 and the all-new SimCity 4 Rush Hour Expansion Pack. Create the most massive region of cities ever, with a farming town, bedroom community, high-tech commercial center, and industrial backbone.","The year is 2047. A massive nuclear fireball explodes high in the night sky, marking the dramatic beginning of the Third Tiberium War and the long-awaited return of the most groundbreaking Real-Time Strategy franchise of all time.","Red Alert 3: Uprising features four new mini-campaigns, giving players a deeper dive into the storyline's of the Soviets, the Allies, the Empire of the Rising Sun and a unique campaign centered on the origins of everyone’s favorite psionic Japanese schoolgirl commando, Yuriko Omega.","In the name of Kane! The Command &amp;amp; Conquer™ series continues to thrive with Command &amp;amp; Conquer™ 3: Kane’s Wrath. As the expansion pack to the critically-acclaimed and fan favorite, Command &amp;amp; Conquer 3 Tiberium Wars™, this Real-time Strategy (RTS) game returns to the Tiberium Universe with Kane at the center of an epic new...","Step into the boots of Boyd Travers, Private First Class of the “All-American” 82nd Airborne Division, and revolutionize the way the war is fought. From a rocky beginning in Sicily to war winning triumphs in the heart of Germany, fight the epic WWII battles that turned America’s first paratroopers into combat legends.","Need for Speed™ SHIFT is an award-winning authentic racing game that combines the true driver’s experience with real-world physics, pixel-perfect car models, and a wide range of authentic race tracks. Need for Speed SHIFT takes players in a different direction to create a simulation experience that replicates the true feeling of driving...",Battlefield: Bad Company 2™ brings the award-winning Battlefield gameplay to the forefront of PC gaming with best-in-class vehicular combat and unexpected &amp;quot;Battlefield moments.&amp;quot; New vehicles like the ATV and a transport helicopter allow for all-new multiplayer tactics on the Battlefield. With the Frostbite-enabled Destruction 2.,"The SPECACT kit upgrades have arrived on PC! PC players can now change how their soldiers look on the battlefield with this additional downloadable content. With the 4 kit-specific unique uniforms and the camouflaged SPECACT personal M16A2, UMP-45, MG3 and a gun metal black M95 SNIPER, you have a visual edge on the Battlefield, showing...","Recruit. Explore. Control.Two years after Commander Shepard repelled invading Reapers bent on the destruction of organic life, a mysterious new enemy has emerged. On the fringes of known space, something is silently abducting entire human colonies.","Overgrowth is a third-person 3D action game that allows you to leap and climb through sprawling levels as a ninja rabbit, and engage in intricate and brutal combat with a variety of weapons and enemies. It is still very much in development, so while the mechanics and features are mostly in place, there is no campaign, and players mostly...","Follow Turner, a rebel bunny rabbit with impressive combat skills in his quest to find those responsible for slaughtering his village. Uncover a far-reaching conspiracy involving the corrupt leaders of the rabbit republic and the wolves of the nearby lands. Streamlined Combat: Gone are the days of combo memorization and button mashing.","Cricket Revolution is a multiplayer cricket sports action title for the PC. With innovative gameplay, single and multiplayer game modes, local and global tournaments, and challenging AI opponents that learn from your every move, Cricket Revolution is a cricket gaming experience unlike any other!","Eschalon: Book I is an old-school role-playing game that will take you across massive outdoor environments and deep into dozens of sprawling dungeons as you seek to uncover the mystery of who you are. It features a tile-built, turn-based game world where the result of absolutely every action is rolled, calculated or statistically...",Return to the world of Eschalon in the sequel to 2007's award-winning RPG. The blight of war now threatens all of Eschalon and the only hope for peace lies in the secret of your past. Don't miss this second chapter in the epic Eschalon trilogy given &amp;quot;5 Stars&amp;quot; by RPGWatch and called &amp;quot;immensely appealing&amp;quot; by The...,Now with cross-platform multiplayer! PC vs. Mac at last.,"You’re a tough-talking rebel - you play by your own rules. Why wait to unlock the weapons and abilities that you need now! This pack gives you access to 50+ gameplay unlocks – all classes, abilities, weapons and deployables – even campaign levels.","No time to bleed? This pack allows you to skip the campaign and do all of your leveling up from Madballs’ multiplayer modes – and as a bonus, you get the Major Stone, Grok, and Maltron skins to boot.",Jazz up your line-ups with cool new character skins. Clan skins allow your Steam clan logo to be displayed right on your Babos! This pack includes skins for B*D*I team members (5 skins).,Jazz up your line-ups with cool new character skins. Clan skins allow your Steam clan logo to be displayed right on your Babos! This pack includes skins for Scorched team members (5 skins).,"Jazz up your line-ups with cool new character skins. This pack includes five skins: Commando Stone, J.J. Jenkins, Retro Future Robo, Babotech Boba, and Samurai Eidolon.","Jazz up your line-ups with cool new character skins. This pack includes five skins: Iron Mask Grok, Nurse Aescu, Lava Core Magmor, Fusion Daemonak, and Spider-Pett.","Jazz up your line-ups with cool new character skins. This pack rolls up the discontinued Devil’s Night, Turkey Coma, and Christmas Carnage skins. It includes the following nine skins: Skull Robo, Jack-o-Magmor, Obsidian Magmor, Quaker Boba, Turkey Daemo, Reindeer Stone, Tree Light Grok, Elf Aescu and Saint Nick Jenkins (with exploding...","Europa Universalis III Complete includes the original Europa Universalis III as well as the expansions In Nomine and Napoleons Ambition Europa Universalis III delves deeply into the areas of exploration, trade, warfare and diplomacy.","Requested by the fans, Heir to the Throne is the third expansion to the preeminent historical strategy game Europa Universalis III. The expansion takes the hugely successful game beyond Complete, with improvements across the board. GAME FEATURES: Intriguing Casus Belli system, where wars have specific goals from start to finish.",The 4th expansion of the classic historical strategy game Europa Universalis III enhances every aspect of the game to create a deeper experience.,"These 16 historically authentic models also have new animations, for a more realistic and improved game atmosphere. Units are equipped with swords, shields, daggers, armour, chain mail, jerkins, capes, basinets and pig face basinets.","These 16 historically authentic models have new animations for a more realistic and improved game atmosphere. Units are equipped with swords, shields, daggers, armour, chain mails, jerkins, capes, basinets and pig face basinets.",This spritepack includes 16 new sprites for the Western countries in the Enlightenment era of 1700 to 1795. There are uniforms for: Dutch Spanish French British Portuguese Danish Prussian Scottish Austrian Swedish American Scandinavian Venetian Revolutionary French English Generic Western Sixteen historically authentic modeled units for...,This spritepack includes 16 new sprites for the Western countries in the Reformation era of 1530 to 1625. There are uniforms for: Dutch Netherlanders French Spanish British Portuguese English Danish Prussian Scottish Swedish Austrian Venetian Scandinavian nations There are also generic German and generic western uniforms Sixteen...,This spritepack includes 16 new sprites for the Western Europeans in the 15th century of Europa Universalis III. Unique uniforms for: Bohemia Bavaria Burgundy Castile Naples Milan Hesse Saxon Pomerania Norway Finland Cologne Italy The Netherlands Germany and the Holy Roman Empire Sixteen historically authentic modeled western European...,This spritepack includes 16 new sprites for the Western Europeans in the last 18th and early 19th century of Europa Universalis III. Unique uniforms for: Dutch French Spanish English British Portuguese Danish Prussian Scottish Swedish Austrian Venetian American Scandinavian Revolutionary French and a generic western one Sixteen...,"The Absolutism Unit Pack contains sixteen models with all new animations. All units have been modeled for historically accuracy in the Age of Absolutism. Enhance your game’s atmosphere with these pistol, sabre, ammunition belt, and hat equipped units. The common Western units have also been embellished for this period.","The Revolution II Unit Pack contains sixteen models with all new animations. Historically authentic and “what if” modeled units are featured in the Age of Revolution. Enhance your game’s atmosphere with these musket, sabre, shako, and backpack equipped units. The common Eastern units have also been embellished for this period.","The Music of the World collection contains 21 tracks with over an hour of music. With music inspired from all parts of the world, there are songs for war, peace, trade, the plague and more. Enhance your game with a range of emotional songs inspired by locations all over the globe.","As King, it is your duty to lead your people in their struggle to raise your kingdom from its humble beginnings to a position of power and prestige. War, diplomacy and a burgeoning economy are the means by which you increase your power and expand your influence.",This sequel to Fantasy Wars continues its story after banishing the archdemon. The shadows of destruction begin to loom on the horizon once a human mage uncovers a dark and powerful secret dating back to the remote past of the Elven race.,"Hearts of Iron III lets you play the most engaging conflict in world history, World War 2, on all fronts as any country and through multiple different scenarios. Guide your nation to glory between 1936 and 1948 and wage war, conduct diplomacy and build your industry in the most detailed World War 2 game ever made.","The US spritepack adds 17 more US sprites in the game. You will se among other things, the Iowa Class battleship, the B-29 Super Fortress and the M4/E8 Sherman Medium Tank. 8 new ships: BB: Iowa Class CV: Essex Class BB: North Carolina Class CV: Lexington class SS: Gato Class Submarine CL: Brooklyn Class CA: Baltimore Class DD: Fletcher...","German Infantry Sprite Pack includes 38 new uniforms for various models of infantry for the German player. Infantry / Anti-Tank 1936, 1938, 1940, 1944 Cavalry 1936, 1938, 1940, 1944 Artillery / Rocket Artillery 1936, 1938, 1940, 1944 Military Police 1936, 1939, 1942, 1945 Armoured Car 1936, 1944 Anti-Air 1936, 1940 Mountain Infantry...","Japanese Infantry Sprite Pack includes 33 new uniforms for various models of infantry for the Japanese player. Infantry / Anti-tank 1936, 1938, 1942 Artillery / Rocket Artillery 1936, 1938, 1942 Recon Car 1936, 1938 Cavalry 1936, 1938, 1942 Anti air 1936, 1938, 1942 Military Police 1936, 1938, 1942 Marine Infantry 1936, 1938, 1942...",The Soviet spritepack adds 16 more Soviet sprites in the game. 8 New Tanks: BT-5 BT-7 T-28 T-34 T-44 KV-1 KV-2 IS-2 5 New Aircraft: Mig-3 Mig-9 Lagg-3 Yak-4 Sukhoi SU-2 3 New Ships: Gangut-class Battleship Kirov-class Heavy Cruiser Leningrad-class...,This exclusive Soviet music pack contains over 14 minutes of specially composed music to enhance the experience of playing as the Soviet Union in Hearts of Iron 3. There are four separate suites all created to enrich the atmosphere of defending the workers republic in the struggles against fascism.,King's Bounty: The Legend is an adventure game with tactical turn-based battles and role-playing elements.,"Supreme Ruler 2020 Gold contains Supreme Ruler 2020 and the expansion, Global Crisis: SUPREME RULER 2020 Overnight, the US dollar crashes AND the sound echoes across the globe. The economic crisis amplifies global instabilities and regional disputes, tearing the world asunder. Nations dissolve, economies collapse, and tensions escalate.","In East India Company, players will enjoy building the World's most powerful trading empire &amp;amp; engaging in vigorous battles in both single player &amp;amp; multiplayer modes, all within a breathtaking cinematic game environment.","Want to concentrate on naval combat, looting trade ships and raiding ports? Pirate Bay is add-on campaign to East India Company that lets you play as a pirate. You start with one ship and you have 20 years to make your fortune by attacking trading ships that are constantly going to East Indies and back.","The Soviet Infantry Sprite Pack includes 33 new uniforms for various models of infantry for the Soviet Player. Cavalry 1936, 1942, 1944 Infantry / Anti-Tank 1936, 1942, 1944 Military Police 1936, 1942 Artillery / Rocket Artillery 1936, 1942, 1944 Militia 1936, 1942, 1944 Anti-Air 1936, 1942, 1944 Engineer 1936, 1942, 1944 Marine-Infantry...","The Second German spritepack adds 12 more German sprites in the game including the Graf Zeppelin Aircraft Carrier, the ME-163 Komet Interceptor, and theV2 A4 Rocket. 3 New Ships CV “Graf Zeppelin” BC “Schleswig Holstein” DD: Large Torpedoboat Destroyer G7 Class 3 New Submarines Submarine Type II A Submarine Type II B (Bridge 1942)...","In the world of Majesty, you are the ruler of the kingdom Ardania. At your service are your loyal and somewhat obnoxious subordinates, who have their own minds about how things should be done. In fact, Majesty is the only game where your heroes decide on their own what should be done and when, leaving you to try to control them through...","The High Definition edition of Majesty Gold contains main game, the Northern Expansion Pack as well as 2 new quests and several other graphics and gameplay updates. Majesty is a Real-time strategy game with indirect control – your heroes have a will of their own!","The pinnacle of alien evolution, Maw is a cowardly fat blob concerned mostly with snacking and lounging. He can, however, absorb the traits of anything he eats, is virtually indestructible, and can grow to unlimited size. If he wasn't a danger to all life in the universe, he'd make the perfect pet.","In this ""deleted scene"" from The Maw, the Bounty Hunters have sent in members from their new elite strike force, the Brutes, to stop Frank and Maw. The two must use powers from the Beetull and Gastro creatures to avoid capture. This part of the story takes place between the Bulb Valley and Chaindown levels.","In this &quot;deleted scene&quot; from The Maw, raging fires block Frank and Maw's way, but with the powers of the Gastro and Puff-tor creatures, they change the course of a river and reopen their path. This part of the story takes place after the Looferland level.","In this ""deleted scene"" from The Maw, Frank steals a Bounty Hunter Speeder and uses it to break through their blockade. This part of the story takes place before the Mesas level. Maw follows Frank as he rides a Speeder!","Drug Wars is a gritty, gory romp through a futuristic New York City, circa 3100, where severe global warming conditions have resulted in a harsh divide between upper-class Brooklyn gang bosses and a booming population of engineered Neanderthal bottom-dwellers.","Cogs is a puzzle game where players build machines from sliding tiles. Players can choose from 50 levels and 3 gameplay modes. New puzzles are unlocked by building contraptions quickly and efficiently. Inventor Mode: Starting with simple puzzles, players are introduced to the widgets that are used to build machines &amp;#151; gears, pipes,...","Braid is a puzzle-platformer, drawn in a painterly style, where you can manipulate the flow of time in strange and unusual ways. From a house in the city, journey to a series of worlds and solve puzzles to rescue an abducted princess.",,"Crayon Physics Deluxe is a 2D physics puzzle / sandbox game, in which you get to experience what it would be like if your drawings would be magically transformed into real physical objects. Solve puzzles with your artistic vision and creative use of physics.","There is one rule in the game. And it needs to be broken. There is one goal. And when you attain it, you die.","The Graveyard is a very short computer game. You play an old lady who visits a graveyard. You walk around, sit on a bench and listen to a song. It's more like an explorable painting than an actual game. An experiment with poetry and storytelling but without words.","&amp;quot;Salomé, Salomé, dance for me. I pray thee dance for me. I am sad to-night. Yes, I am passing sad to-night. When I came hither I slipped in blood, which is an evil omen; and I heard, I am sure I heard in the air a beating of wings, a beating of giant wings. I cannot tell what they mean .... I am sad to-night. Therefore dance for me.","Get ready, set, go! Summer Athletics brings the action and excitement of the 26 most popular summer sporting disciplines right into your living room! The charming 3D comic style and varying levels of difficulty makes Summer Athletics great fun for the whole family.","In Blacklight: Tango Down, experience the bleeding edge of advanced warfare. Participate in the “NetWar”: a hyper-realistic battlefield letting you fight tomorrow’s conflicts with or against your friends in the gritty Blacklight universe.","""Well behaved women seldom make history."" - Laurel Thatcher Ulrich This is the game where good girls get better by being bad! In the 1920s, young women had a chance to change society--by misbehaving. Gather a gang of girls. Explore. Battle petty townsfolk with quick, naughty games: Fib, Flirt, Taunt...","In MEVO's quest to reunite his band, bring back 'FUNK', and defeat the enemy SILENCE, players must successfully progress through five beautifully crafted worlds (Ocean, Jungle, Desert, Space and Wormhole), finding avatars along the way that will help our reluctant hero unlock other levels and reach certain scores.",Space Giraffe is an abstract action arcade style game that takes place in a succession of beautiful environments generated by an advanced graphics synthesizer. It presents itself as a shooter but the more you play the more you discover the hidden depths and strategies that make the gameplay satisfyingly rich and rewarding.,"Gridrunner Revolution is a game which has evolved over 27 years. The original Gridrunner games were created for the Commodore 64 and Vic-20 back in 1982. The company that made the games, Llamasoft, are now one of the longest established game developers in existence and over the intervening years have done pioneering work in the field of...","The story of Twin Sector takes place in a post-apocalyptic future where the remains of mankind have been put to artificial sleep in cryogenic chambers deep under the contaminated surface of earth — until the planet becomes habitable again. You as the player must take the role of Ashley Simms, the protagonist of Twin Sector.","Booster Trooper is the future of multiplayer platform shooters. It provides tons of fun with its fast paced action and larger-than-life weapons. You can run or fly around the map, blasting your enemies to bits with bullets, rockets, grenades, magma and other weapons from your arsenal.",,"As a survivor of the mutant virus, make your way through the city and wipe out the hordes of flesh eating mutants. Teamwork is the key to survive the DEAD HORDE...","Not only are these Yumsters crazy for strawberries, they can rock the bongos. For the love of fruity music, help them earn money by cleaning gardens to promote their band. To really skyrocket, Yumsters need the best equipment to win the ultimate grand prize at the fairy town music showdown.","Uncover all of your grandfather's sheet music, hidden in his home amongst a treasure trove of gorgeous antiques and musical relics. Melodious music box games will let you piece these special compositions together and unleash their symphonious secrets. Unlock Creative Mode and write your own outstanding arrangements.","You know exactly what you need to do &amp;mdash; you can see it shimmering right there in front of you. You can see it while dreaming, too, and the difference has become subtle. Dreams wake into dreams, and people blend in and out: real characters and dream characters, all woven into the same script.","Step away from the computer! Welcome to Mightier, the action puzzler that pulls you away from the screen to solve puzzles by hand with pencil and paper. Using a color printer and web camera, the game prints puzzle pages for you to draw on, then captures the results when you're done.",Congratulations Blueberry Garden! Winner of the Seumas McNally Grand Prize for 'Best Independent Game' at the 2009 Independent Games Festival. Also a winner for 'Best Innovation' at the 2008 Swedish Game Awards. Blueberry Garden is a short and experimental game about exploring a strange world.,"Enter the ambient world of Osmos: elegant, physics-based gameplay, dreamlike visuals, and a minimalist, electronic soundtrack. Your objective is to grow by absorbing other motes. Propel yourself by ejecting matter behind you. But be wise: ejecting matter also shrinks you. Relax - good things come to those who wait.","An award-winning online fantasy epic awaits. No Subscription Fees! Take your first step into Guild Wars&amp;reg;, the award-winning fantasy online roleplaying game enjoyed by millions of players. Across Tyria, the human kingdoms are under attack by the vicious Charr.","Two hundred years ago, the Betrayer called Shiro Tagachi transformed the lush continent of Cantha into a devastated landscape of stone forests and crystalline seas. Now, in an empire torn asunder by war, who you fight is as important as who you serve.","An award-winning online fantasy epic awaits. No subscription fees! Step into Guild Wars&amp;reg;, the award-winning fantasy online roleplaying game enjoyed by millions of players. For the first time ever, Guild Wars Trilogy combines Guild Wars, Factions&amp;trade;, and Nightfall&amp;trade; into a single amazing experience.",Join millions of players worldwide in this third campaign in the award-winning Guild Wars&amp;reg; universe. Create your own band of Heroes and lead them against a mad ruler and an outcast god who desire to bring darkness to Elona. When night falls you must fight &amp;mdash; but you won't fight alone.,"Tyria... now the danger runs deep. Guild Wars: Eye of the North is the first true expansion for the Guild Wars franchise, providing new content geared exclusively for level 20 characters. Return to the battle-scarred continent of Tyria, home of the original Guild Wars campaign.",Dash across Scenic Locations destroying bug like creatures called the Flanx using 6 Unique Attacks that include Massive Terrain Deformation and High Speed Barrages of Energy Blasts!,"Dark Sector thrusts players into the role of Hayden Tenno, a covert operative sent on a dangerous mission into Lasria, an Eastern European city on the brink of ruin that hides a deadly Cold War secret. In the midst of this mission, Hayden is attacked by an unknown enemy and infected by the Technocyte Virus, a brutal bio-weapon that...","While explosively stripping the evil pirate LeChuck of his demonic mojo, Guybrush Threepwood inadvertently infects the entire Caribbean with the arch-fiend's expelled voodoo, which threatens to transform buccaneers into unruly pirate monsters.","About Chapter Two Guybrush's adventures continue on the high seas as pox-plagued pirates lay siege to the innocent Mer-People. In between defending the Mer-People and dodging the persistent pirate hunter hot on his trail, Guybrush manages to catch up to his beloved wife and despised arch-nemesis — but their reunion is short-lived.","About Chapter One The saga begins with a heated battle involving the brave but often bumbling Mighty Pirate™ Guybrush, his beloved wife Elaine, and their nemesis, the demon pirate LeChuck. When the showdown goes up in flames, Guybrush finds himself marooned on a strange island with winds that always blow inward.","About Chapter One The saga begins with a heated battle involving the brave but often bumbling Mighty Pirate™ Guybrush, his beloved wife Elaine, and their nemesis, the demon pirate LeChuck. When the showdown goes up in flames, Guybrush finds himself marooned on a strange island with winds that always blow inward.","About Chapter One The saga begins with a heated battle involving the brave but often bumbling Mighty Pirate™ Guybrush, his beloved wife Elaine, and their nemesis, the demon pirate LeChuck. When the showdown goes up in flames, Guybrush finds himself marooned on a strange island with winds that always blow inward.","Wield psychic powers against fearsome foes in this epic comedy saga. In The Devil’s Playhouse, an otherworldly power for controlling matter and space calls to the strongest and strangest who might wield it -- intergalactic warlords and eldritch gods, under-dwellers and scholars of the arcane.","Wield psychic powers against fearsome foes in this epic comedy saga. In The Devil’s Playhouse, an otherworldly power for controlling matter and space calls to the strongest and strangest who might wield it -- intergalactic warlords and eldritch gods, under-dwellers and scholars of the arcane.","Wield psychic powers against fearsome foes in this epic comedy saga. In The Devil’s Playhouse, an otherworldly power for controlling matter and space calls to the strongest and strangest who might wield it -- intergalactic warlords and eldritch gods, under-dwellers and scholars of the arcane.","Wield psychic powers against fearsome foes in this epic comedy saga. In The Devil’s Playhouse, an otherworldly power for controlling matter and space calls to the strongest and strangest who might wield it -- intergalactic warlords and eldritch gods, under-dwellers and scholars of the arcane.","Wield psychic powers against fearsome foes in this epic comedy saga. In The Devil’s Playhouse, an otherworldly power for controlling matter and space calls to the strongest and strangest who might wield it -- intergalactic warlords and eldritch gods, under-dwellers and scholars of the arcane.","When White House inquiries to the Scoggins Eraser Co. are answered only with curious puzzles, Nelson Tethers from the U.S. Department of Puzzle Research is sent on the case. The strange events in Scoggins will challenge every ounce of Tethers’ expertise, and possibly his very wits too, with brainteasers at every turn: mazes, logic...",Prepare for a different kind of poker night in a very different kind of club and play against familiar faces!,Featuring a special appearance by Michael J. Fox!,"Tunnel Rats is a dark and intense single-player shooter for PC that depicts the horrific realities of the Vietnam War as seen through the eyes of a young US soldier. As member of a &amp;#147;Tunnel Rats&amp;#148; squad, the player is trained to clearing out the huge tunnel systems underneath the jungle of Vietnam.","Coil is an experimental ""autobiographical"" game that plays out more like a song or painting then an actual ""game"". I was basically trying to create an experience that put the player into an open minded space and let them question not only what the game was about, but what a game can actually be.","Iron Grip: Warlord invigorates tower defense with first-person shooter elements to give a new twist to the genre.It puts you in the heat of the battle, fighting off hordes of AI-controlled invaders. Play alone or with friends, in a diverse and challenging struggle to save all of Atelia.",Go Undercover in Paris and Unravel a Case in Style!,Catch this train — it’s your ticket to solving a century-old mystery!,Take a Spin with Danger to Unravel the Mystery of a Ghostly Merry-go-Round!,Delve into Dark Legends Lurking in the Shadow of an Old English Mansion!,Plunge into Danger to Bring a Mysterious Island’s Secrets to the Surface!,Hunt for Clues on the Trail of a Pack of Phantom Hounds!,The Search is on for an Unearthly Artifact in New Orleans!,Seek the source of sabotage on a Hollywood set!,Venture into the Past and Outwit a Criminal Before Time Runs Out!,Expose Buried Secrets and Catch a Thief Red-handed!,Team up with the Hardy Boys® and Track an Ancient Legend Through Hawaii!,Unveil a Ghostly Legend and Find a Vanished Groom!,Infiltrate a Carnevale of Criminals in Italy!,Follow a Trail to Hidden Secrets and Sabotage!,Dive into Danger to Rescue Bess from Kidnappers!,,"Raycatcher is an innovative new game that syncs gameplay to your favorite mp3s. Load in your entire music library and watch as the game morphs itself to match. The gameplay itself is easy to pick up, yet compelling. Rotate a cluster of colorful shapes to catch matching rays of light cast onto your screen.","Embark on an epic quest to recover the stolen treasures of Ancient Egypt in LUXOR: Mah Jong. The fun and challenge is unending with 200 unique layouts available in 3 awesome play modes; Adventure, Single and Traditional.",It’s link-matching madness with Chainz 2: Relinked. Rotate the colored links to make matches of three or more in Classic Mode. Pit your link-matching skills against the clock in Arcade Mode. Ponder every precious move in Strategy Mode. Twist your brain and clear all the links in Puzzle Mode.,"The master of macabre, Edgar Allan Poe, leads you on a shadowy journey to finally solve the mystery of his death. As a famed mystery writer, you’re looking for your next cold case to crack when an unexpected visitor hands you the perfect case to get your career moving again.","The next generation of puzzle games is here! Combining simple arithmetic with colorful cages and logical problem solving, this new puzzle game makes sure you never have to guess—and you don’t have to be a math wiz!","Bowl or Beware! From the depths of the graveyard…a gruesome gang in search of brains! When Zombies show up at the town’s lanes, it’s up to you to put ‘em back in the ground! The Zombies have taken over your favorite lanes, and it’s up to you to send ‘em back to the graveyard where they belong!","Metal Drift is a vehicular sport combat game set in a distant future. As the player, you command an agile, high powered hover tank in a futuristic sports arena. Core game play centers on intense tank-on-tank multiplayer team combat seen through an immersive, first person cockpit.","Europe, 1938: The lost Ark was just a warm-up! Now Adolf Hitler is after the most powerful talisman of all - the Holy Grail. A few brave men stand in his way. Fortunately, one of them is Indiana Jones, and this time he has his dad with him.","Build, Battle and Brawl your way out of trouble! Play through all three classic Indiana Jones™ movies and relive your favorite Indy adventures in the tongue-in-cheek worlds of LEGO®. Explore and Discover - Battle enemies, solve puzzles, and seek out the world's greatest treasures.","Long after the passing of the Second Shadow, when dragons ruled the twilight sky and the stars were bright and numerous, came the Age of the Great Guilds. Blacksmiths. Shepherds. Clerics. Each dedicated to the absolute control of secret knowledge. Another such Guild was the Weavers.","Join three heroic starfighter pilots in harrowing deep space and planetary missions to save the planet of Naboo. Rookie Naboo pilot Rhys Dallows, mercenary Vana Sage and alien pirate Nym form an unlikely alliance as they join together against an unexpected assault on the peaceful planet.","Back by popular demand, The Secret of Monkey Island™: Special Edition faithfully re-imagines the internationally-acclaimed classic game (originally released in 1990) for original and new audiences alike.",It is four thousand years before the Galactic Empire and hundreds of Jedi Knights have fallen in battle against the ruthless Sith. You are the last hope of the Jedi Order. Can you master the awesome power of the Force on your quest to save the Republic? Or will you fall to the lure of the dark side?,"Jedi Knight: Dark Forces II picks up where the award-winning Dark Forces™ game left off...with even more features and firepower in dazzling 3D graphics. As Kyle Katarn, you must acquire a lightsaber and learn the ways of the Force to become a Jedi Knight.","It is five years after Kyle's victory over the seven dark Jedi. Invading Imperial forces advance upon a quiet Rebel outpost, interrupting Kyle's training of a brave new Jedi, Mara Jade. First introduced in Timothy Zahn's award-winning Star Wars novel, Heir to the Empire, Mara Jade blends her past experiences as a one time smuggler and...","Behind a veil of secrecy the evil Empire is creating a doomsday army - one that, if finished, will become the final cog in the Empire's arsenal of terror and domination. Your Mission? Join the Rebel Alliance's covert operations division, infiltrate the Empire.","From the team that re-imagined The Secret of Monkey Island™, comes Lucidity, an addictive puzzle platformer set in the surreal childlike dreamscapes of the little girl Sofi. In this challenging puzzler, it’s your task to keep Sofi safe as she drifts deeper into the strange new world of her dreams.","Star Wars The Clone Wars: Republic Heroes lets Star Wars fans young and old live out the sweeping galactic adventures of the Clone Wars. For the first time ever, players can fight as their favorite Jedi and Clone Troopers from the preeminent animated television...","A game that will show gamers the deepest, darkest side of the Force in a story that puts them on a collision course with Luke Skywalker himself.","Kick Some Brick in I through VI! Play through all six Star Wars movies in one videogame! Adding new characters, new levels, new features and for the first time ever, the chance to build and battle your way through a fun Star Wars galaxy on your PC!","LEGO® Indy is back in his biggest adventure yet. Battle through all four movies, including all-new levels from the original adventures and your favorite new moments from The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull... or in true LEGO® fashion, get creative and build your own levels to play with friends!","Wannabe pirate Guybrush Threepwood, and the now zombie pirate LeChuck, return in what has long been considered one of the greatest LucasArts adventure games of all time.","Command or corrupt an entire galaxy in the definitive Star Wars strategy collection. It is a time of galactic civil war. Will you take up the reins of the Rebellion, assume control of the Empire, or rule the Star Wars Underworld?","The Star Wars® Saga continues with Star Wars®: The Force Unleashed™ II, the highly anticipated sequel to the fastest-selling Star Wars game ever created.","LEGO Star Wars III: The Clone Wars will allow fans to explore endlessly and laugh their way through the Star Wars galaxy in the most humorous, accessible and action-packed LEGO game to date.","Enemies lurk in locations around the globe, waiting for the right opportunity to strike. As part of Delta Force, the U.S. Army's most secretive and highly trained unit, you have the skills and the firepower to hunt them down and take them out.","As a member of Delta Force — The Army's Elite, top secret special forces unit — the word 'impossible' is not in your vocabulary. In Delta Force, you will conduct missions swiftly and silently, in every possible terrain, under every imaginable condition and through unconventional means.","You're a member of the U.S. Army's best kept secret: the elite SPECIAL OPERATIONS unit known as Delta Force, formed to BATTLE TERRORISM throughout the world. When the best of the rest can't handle the op, YOU are called into action. Can you handle THE JOB? Features FREE NovaWorld™: online gaming supporting up to 50 players.",Engage the enemy across vast outdoor environments and expansive indoor environments as you take control of the US Army's elite anti-terrorist unit. Delta Force Land Warrior™ introduces new weapons and characters for both single player and intense online multiplayer via NovaWorld.,As the US army's elite special operations soldiers you are the most potent 'smart weapon' known to man. You are the 'tip of the spear' for covert operations around the world — you are the first line of attack. Nothing stands in your way.,"Powered by today's gaming technology, Delta Force®: Xtreme™ brings the classic Delta Force game back to life to face the enemy once more. As a member of the elite Delta Force, prepare yourself to take on over 60 levels of frantic single and multiplayer FPS action, including graphically enhanced missions from the original game, new maps,...","In late 1993, the United States launched dual military operations in Mogadishu Somalia. Delta Force Operatives and Army Rangers were sent in to capture Somali warlords and restore order. Experience the intense combat of Operation Restore Hope in this ground breaking first person shooter.",Delta Force — Black Hawk Down: Team Sabre is the official expansion pack to the #1 best selling PC game in North America. Team Sabre was developed using the Delta Force — Black Hawk Down engine and it requires the mother product to run.,"Command an entire fleet of M1A2 Abrams tanks in this brutal third installment in the Armored Fist series. Using the latest Abrams technology, the game presents the esteemed tank in its up-to-date form which is designed to survive biological, nuclear, and chemical warfare.","With innovative technologies such as fly-by-wire controls, sophisticated systems for night and all-weather operations and the ability to carry a variety of weapons, the F-16 continually proves to be the workhorse of the USAF. Victorious in all of its air-to-air engagements, the awesome reputation of the F-16 is undisputed.","Mass Destruction! Use tactical nuclear weapons to level entire city regions. The most realistic weather environments ever created. Changing weather effects including: rain, snow, hail, and wind. Extreme temperatures affect flight performance. Fly it yourself or let the world's most advanced fighter do it for you!","The Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-29 Fulcrum is one of the world's most maneuverable and toughest fighter jets and has often been compared to its closest Western counterpart, the F-16. Innovations unique to the aircraft allow MiG pilots to perform remarkable moves like the Tailslide and Cobra maneuvers.","The best-selling Comanche series returns with this fast-paced action game that places you at the controls of a Comanche RAH-66 helicopter. In 6 single player campaigns and multiplayer, the game combines serious firepower with effortless controls and stunning, interactive terrain.","Caught in the middle of a violent conflict on the fringe of the galaxy — your ability to survive will depend on your piloting skills and combat savvy as a mercenary space fighter. But, as you explore the vastly detailed world of Tachyon: The Fringe, you will often find that the most powerful weapon on your ship is in your head.","The most ferocious online conflict of the 21st century is now available in its most definitive form: introducing Joint Operations: Combined Arms Gold, the largest multiplayer FPS collection ever. With the award-winning Joint Operations: Typhoon Rising and the bestselling Joint Operations: Escalation together in one convenient package,...",Work together or die alone in this epic quest to turn the tides in the War of the Ring.,The sequel to the widely popular Restaurant Empire game takes you further into the depths and delights of the culinary universe than ever before. Take part in an exciting world where the customers are fickle and the bounty in your cash register changes as quickly as their tastes.,"The endless darkness and the somber, long passages of a military complex have become the abode of evil, as thousands of blood-thirsty creatures fill its offices, storehouses and mysterious laboratories. Your mission is simple: clear the base at all costs.","Crowds of blood-thirsty monsters, crawling from every corner of the secret research base. Gloomy basements and modern labs, darkness changing into blazing bulbs. The only usual thing is: you're in a bad place alone, and there's no one to help you!",Alien Shooter 2 -Reloaded is a large-scale sequel to the first part of Alien Shooter. This is the unique alloy of arcade action and RPG elements which combines well-established world of classical games and unmatched dynamics of the first part. Alien Shooter 2 - Reloaded is a modified version of the Alien Shooter 2 game.,Where is the line between life and death? How far can human science go trying to understand this? Take part in the great battle to rescue humanity and find out what's happening! The human race is in danger again. This time scientists could not cope the imminent threat and became monsters themselves.,"Zombie Shooter 2 is a unique blend of two game genres - Action and RPG. Every player can choose a character to the liking, get experience to develop skills, earn money and spend it at weapons, medications and useful devices. All of this will be used against thousands of enemies.","An investigation into his daughter’s death unwittingly leads former agent Sam Fisher to discover he’s been betrayed by his prior agency, the Third Echelon. Now a renegade, Fisher finds himself in a race against time to thwart a deadly terrorist plot that threatens millions.","An epic story of family, vengeance and conspiracy set in the pristine, yet brutal, backdrop of a Renaissance Italy. New low price and now playable on either PC or Mac OSX!","A unique and award-winning combination of construction, economy, discovery, diplomacy, and combat. Create your own nation with a unique blend of simulation and real-time strategy as you journey across the globe to explore, trade, and learn technologies to expand your empire and to make your own history. Meet the Orient!","Prince of Persia The Forgotten Sands is the next chapter in the fan-favorite Sands of Time universe. Visiting his brother's kingdom following his adventure in Azad, the Prince finds the royal palace under siege from a mighty army bent on its destruction.","Anno 1404:™ Venice is the add-on for Anno 1404, the acclaimed real-time strategy and simulation game released earlier this year. Anno 1404: Venice will combine the signature gameplay mechanics of Anno 1404 and the richness of the Venetian culture.","The Insurgency Pack delivers additional content for the Deniable Ops mode that can be played solo or co-operatively. Hunt down the remaining Black Arrow insurgents across new locations in San Francisco, a New Orleans cemetery, a Portland Prison and a hidden research complex in Salt Lake City.","Zeit² brings a new twist to the traditional side-scrolling, 2D, shoot-’em-up game sporting a unique time travel feature never seen before in this genre.",Immerse yourself in a world as exotically beautiful as it is dangerous in this modern God-Game where Nature is the Star!,TROPICO RELOADED is the ultimate game compilation for hobby-dictators and those dreaming of their own Caribbean island. Tropico combines real-time strategy and simulation elements with a healthy dose of political intrigue and Caribbean flair to create a unique and critically acclaimed game experience.,"The well-known Action-RPG Dawn of Magic will now be continued as the evil forces won't leave the world without a desperate struggle after the death of the monstrous immortal Modo. Peace is ruined, the fragile balance of the forces that remained for 10 years has fallen into pieces.","Patrician III - sequel to the award winning game Patrician II - features advanced in-game AI, which adjusts its difficulty based on experience and ability. In this economic sandbox game you can gain wealth and power in multiple ways - what you will do with it is up to you.",The famous art collection of your family was stolen. By investing the profits of your coffee or tobacco plantations you might have the chance to save the heritage of your ancestors – but only if you manage your colonial enterprise wisely.,"‘Broken Sword - The Smoking Mirror: Remastered’ is a stunning update to the multi million-selling original. While investigating a ruthless drug gang, journalist Nico Collard unexpectedly comes across an ancient artifact.","An ancient conspiracy. A broken code. An unsolved murder. Welcome to Broken Sword – The Sleeping Dragon, the multi BAFTA-nominated adventure. Once more George and Nico must travel the world, wrestling danger, and piecing together the clues that will unravel the secrets of the Sleeping Dragon.","Like its predecessors, Crash Time 3, the new installment of the well-known action racing game series, offers varied gameplay in top quality. The German game forge Synetic has once more taken the graphics engine a significant step further.","Puzzler World brings over 1200 puzzles of 8 popular puzzle types to your PC. Conceptis picture logic puzzle fans will be happy to know that in addition to Crossword, Wordsearch, Fitword, Sudoku, Codeword, Spot the Difference and Silhouette puzzles, Puzzler World also offers 83 Conceptis Link-a-Pix available in sizes of 10x10, 20x20 and...",Once upon a time The Earth was green and beautiful. It was entrusted to humans to use it wisely together with all living things. Over time humans developed advanced technology using up the Earth’s natural resources. Humans lost their connection with the Earth.,This Steam Special Edition includes three exclusive maps and Steam Achievements.,"The Princess of the Flower Kingdom has vanished! She was taken by the Ghulibas of the north, and it is up to brave Zee Tee to rescue her. On his quest, he - and you - will discover the hidden lands behind the peaceful kingdom, and come face to face with secrets that will set you on edge!",You ‘da Boss! Move it better and faster while staying alive. Build your reputation and your empire in the far corners of the world as you haul across the most extreme conditions and loads. Grab the wheel and hop in – is your heart pounding yet? Haul extreme cargo - from diamonds to oil pipes - across 3 death-defying terrains.,"Hard Time is Money Build a profitable privately run prison from the ground up. Every wall, every fence, every decision is yours. Start small and forge your reputation as a first rate warden. Grow your facility to SuperMax capabilities, housing the most dangerous and diabolical criminals on earth - all for the bottom line.",Follow Amelia Earhart’s life through space and time to learn about her accomplishments and discover what could have really happened to her on her last flight. Only you can discover the truth of what really happened on that long flight so many years ago!Features:Uncover history as you search for actual memorabilia left behind by Amelia.,"The prequel to Radon Labs' award-winning RPG, Drakensang: The River of Time introduces a brand new story within the Drakensang universe. The new story brings many innovations and new game elements for experienced as well for first time players, who will jump right into the fascinating medieval fantasy RPG scenario of Drakensang: The...","&amp;quot;Phileasson's Secret&amp;quot; continues the popular Drakensang franchise with an epic new chapter. Phileasson is one of the most important characters in the world of &amp;quot;The Dark Eye&amp;quot; and his story is very popular among pen &amp;amp; paper fans, fitting perfectly within the Drakensang series.",Unravel the Medical Mysteries in this Dramatic Puzzle Adventure!,"Building on 10 years of constant engine development, ARMA II boasts the most realistic combat environment in the world. It models real world ballistics &amp;amp; round deflection, materials penetration, features a realtime day/night cycle and dynamic wind, weather and environmental effects.","In this underwater puzzle game you control fish secret agents Max Flounder and Tina Guppy. Seemingly a common case turns into a tough fight with a mysterious enemy and the strings appear to lead pretty high. Fortunately, you are not alone.","Pound of Ground, story driven crazy shoot 'em up with red car and LOTS of zombies. The game combines action elements - a wide range of advanced weapons, fights with various bosses and spectacular, endless battles with the crowds of the undead - with a gripping story full of unexpected disclosures and peculiar characters.","Alternativa is a story that will take you to a world much different to what you'd expect in 2045. To a world destroyed by war and revolutions, a world led by an oppressive and cruel dictatorship. Classic point&amp;amp;click adventure game based on the original sci-fi/cyber-punk script which is composed of a number of shorter stories that...","History is as yet unwritten. Napoleon: Total War™ is the new chapter in the critically acclaimed Total War™ series and opens up a new narrative layer to the genre-defining franchise. From the early Italian campaign to the battle of Waterloo, Napoleon covers two decades of relentless battles, a backdrop of a world in flames against which...","The Napoleon: Total War demo will take you through the new and playable ""War on Land"" tutorial as well as the epic land Battle of Ligny, one of the many historical scenarios included in the full version of the game. War on Land tutorial - Set during the Siege of Toulon, you will be given command of the French artillery battery.",These units were previously available in the Imperial Edition of Napoleon.These exclusive elite units become available on the campaign map once you have made a specific technological advancement or own the relevant territory.These elite units will appear in both single and multiplayer game modes.,The Coalition Battle Pack features 6 brand new units and contain the Battle of Friedland fought between France and Russia not available in Napoleon: Total War,The Peninsular Campaign DLC is a new and independent campaign for Napoleon: Total War based on the conflict in the Spanish Peninsula between 1811 and 1814.,Experience the thrill and adrenaline of the Olympic Winter Games of Vancouver 2010&amp;trade;. Carve your way down the slopes and across the ice as you aim to reach the pinnacle of your sport and claim a gold medal for your country.,"SONIC AND SEGA ALL-STARS RACE FOR VICTORY IN A HIGH SPEED HIGH SKILL RACETRACK SHOWDOWN! TAKE TO THE TRACK BY CAR, MONSTER TRUCK, BIKE AND EVEN AEROPLANE IN SONIC &amp;amp; SEGA ALL-STARS RACING. Explore stunning new circuits including Sonic Seaside Hill, Curien Mansion and Blizzard Castle as you zip around medieval castle ramparts, hurtle...",Re-live old memories and create some new ones in this comprehensive collection of classic titles from the golden era of the SEGA Mega Drive &amp;amp; SEGA Genesis.,"Sketch Turner is in it up to his inkwell. Mortus is drawing horrendous creatures to battle Sketch in every panel of the strip. If Mortus destroys Sketch, that megalomaniac mutant will become real and Earth will be doomed to his rule! But there is hope. Now that he’s a comic book superhero, Sketch can kick some serious butt.","Ben and Andy, the two top Special Service agents have accepted a very dangerous assignment – the elimination of Mr.K and his Artificial Life System. Mr. K plans to rid the earth of human life forms using the killer robots he’s created, and no one but Ben and Andy can stop him!","Life was an adventure for Ecco, the young dolphin. The ocean seemed endless with rolling breakers to race through! At high speed Ecco could burst through the waves leaping through the air – almost flying! Until one day, all of that changed. A freak whirlpool of air and water tore the life from Ecco’s home leaving Ecco all alone.","The battle-simulation game has gone haywire! All contestants inside the system are trapped and frozen on the battlefields, and the androids are reprogrammed to become hi-tech killing machines! It's up to three brave fighters to rescue hostages, and to destroy the central computer of the system, the Brain.","The land of Yuria has been invaded and is now ruled by the iron fist of Death Adder, who secured his throne by seizing the Golden Axe™. Three brave warriors now rise to the challenge of defeating Death Adder and his soldiers and returning peace to the Kingdom.","Joe Musashi’s sworn enemy, the Neo Zeed are secretly rebuilding an organization in Japan after the battle in Neo City. Joe (code name Shinobi) senses the evil power growing and starts to make his way back to fight the Neo Zeed once again.","Dr. Eggman (AKA Dr. Robotnik) discovers unusual birds known as Flickies that can transport to anywhere using Dimension Rings. Successfully capturing the Flickies, Robotnik turns them all into robots to help him find the Chaos Emeralds.","A call for help comes from deep in the universe. Fantasyland has been taken over by destructive forces. Quick on the scene is Space Harrier™ equipped with his laser, who must attempt to outwit and outmanoeuvre the hoards and prevent Fantasyland from being blown into oblivion!","By the year 2049, Earth has been turned into a toxic waste dump. Humankind has fled into space leaving behind an army of mechanized “Orbots” to clean up the mess. But when the Orbot leader “WarHead” goes haywire and starts a global revolt against the humans, it falls on the shoulders of the last Orbot loyal to its human masters to save...","Athena, the daughter of Zeus, has been captured by the wicked Neff, God of the Underworld, and is being held captive. Summoned from the dead by Zeus himself, it is up to you now to clear five rounds of underlings before taking on Neff, in what promises to be the most gruelling of challenges.","New York City has fallen into the hands of a group of ninja warriors called Union Lizard, and they have taken people hostage. Kato, Joe Musashi’s former martial arts student, has been mortally wounded while investigating Union Lizard, leaving his faithful dog Yamato. Joe Musashi swore to avenge Kato’s death, and headed for New York.","The whole Kidd family is upset! Alex’s father, King Thor, is missing, and they suspect he has been kidnapped by Ashra, the mean ruler of the planet Paperock. Alex speeds to Paperock to investigate, but the creatures of Paperock decide to hinder his efforts and try to keep him away from Sky Castle, Ashra’s hideaway.","The Bonanza Bros., Mike and Spike, are two of the most famous investigators around. One day, they received a strange phone call. “I can’t give you my name. I’ll just tell you that I’m a businessman with a problem. Many of my properties have been targets for robbery recently.","Go back in time to a bygone civilization: the ancient world of Phoenicia. There you will play a simple and captivating game where sparkling, rainbow-coloured jewels drop one after another. According to the ancient merchants, by arranging three or more of the same jewels horizontally, vertically or diagonally, you shall perform miracles.","Dr. Robotnik is changing the jolly folk of Beanville into devious little robots that will help rid Planet Mobius of music and fun forever. Group the beans together to help them escape, and compete against Robotnik’s wily henchbots!","Somewhere there is a place called the Endless Sea. There lives a giant whale named Big Blue. To find Big Blue, you have to open the Crystal Doors called Glyphs. To open the Crystal Doors, you must satisfy their wish. Guide Ecco and his friends to swim through the ocean and find Big Blue.","Dragonia, the castle of doom, has been resurrected! But the ghouls from the castle have stolen the Holy Goblet, the source of light. Without it, the world will be trapped in darkness forever. Don your armour and pick up your weapon.","The peaceful and prosperous solar system Junos was located at the end of the Milky Way. Those who called its five planets home had no idea what was about to happen... Halcyon, ruler of the Fourth Empire, had Junos marked as its final target in the galactic massacre, and had sent the bulk of his attacking force in with a single purpose –...","Heady Metal, the boss of the arcade game Wild Side, has escaped! He’s capturing kids by defeating them at their own game. Take Kid Chameleon into Wild Side and give Heady metal and his gruesome underlings a taste of their own aspirin. Because Kid Chameleon is about to cause a few headaches of his own!","The evil tyrant Greedy holds the galaxy of Valdi under a reign of terror, spreading misery and darkness. But from the depths of space comes Ristar, a shining shooting star who is destined for greatness. Only his special powers can restore happiness to the solar system once again.","Dr. Eggman (AKA Dr. Robotnik) is once again turning the animals of Mobius into robots using his monstrous contraption, the Veg-O-Fortress. Only Sonic can penetrate the Pinball Defense System to free the animals, retrieve the Chaos Emeralds, and put a stop to Dr. Eggman’s fiendish plans!","A renegade army has focused its sights on domination of the free world, and has unleashed its deadly troops from a secret power base in the East. Use the state of the art defense system at your fingertips - the Super Thunder Blade armed with 20mm Vulcan Cannons and AATM missiles - to find the central enemy base and blow it sky high.","Vicious predators from the far ends of the universe are invading our planet! They’re mean and wicked, creating havoc everywhere they go! Time for the aptly named “Alien Busters” to take control, get nasty and kick some serious martian butt!","During the first global biowar, a powerful retrovirus filled the planet Avaron with new and deadly forms of life. Only a few survivors remain in O.P. Odysseus, an orbiting platform circling Avaron. Hundreds of years after the biowar, conditions on Avaron are still hostile but livable.","Arrange the blocks of jewels falling from the top of the screen. If three or more jewels of the same colour are lined up vertically, horizontally, or diagonally, they disappear. Don’t allow them to pile up to the top, or you will lose the game.","To help &amp;quot;pull things together,&amp;quot; the brilliant doctor Frank N. Stein carefully fashioned Chuck D. Head from the leftover parts of some other people that we don’t talk about. Somehow he couldn’t quite get the head right – how many heads do people need again? Head bone connects to the... what bone?","The Vortex, the nearly invincible, secret, yet supremely dangerous enemy, now seems so far away. It’s only been a short time since this monster tore Ecco’s family from Home Bay. Then Ecco braved the unknown waters to find and defeat this menace that fed on the creatures of the sea. The Vortex Queen, though weakened, was not destroyed.","The Total War: SHOGUN 2 Sengoku Jidai Unit Pack adds 10 new elite units for use across the different game modes of SHOGUN 2. Once you've purchased the content, you will unlock all 10 of these versatile units in single and multiplayer Campaign mode under the conditions stated below.","Rise of The Samurai is a brand new, independent campaign for Total War: SHOGUN 2 set 400 years before the dramatic civil war depicted in SHOGUN 2.",The Hattori Clan Pack includes all four unlocks previously only available in the Total War: SHOGUN 2 Limited Edition. Key Features:The Hattori clan are masters of the Iga-ryu ninjutsu - a unique collection of martial skills and guerrilla techniques.,The Ikko Ikki Clan Pack adds the iconic ‘warrior monk’ clan and a wide variety of brand-new content for use across the different game modes.,"The Most Mysterious Secret Service Agency of WWII This is a third-person stealth-action game describing the activities of the SMERSH, the most mysterious secret service agency of World War II. Moment of Truth is a sequel to the popular stealth action title Death to Spies.","XIII Century Gold Edition combines the highly successful strategy game XIII Century: Death or Glory with the follow-up sequel, XIII Century: Blood of Europe.XIII Century: Death or Glory is an RTS game which immerses players in the Middle Ages.","Light of Altair is a sci-fi colony building game with a deep plot. Grow colonies from landing pod to metropolis, while sending off new spaceships to expand your territory to other worlds. You are not alone in space, 8 factions from different parts of the world are all following their own agendas in the solar system; diplomacy and...","October 22, 2009 - Update Wargaming.net has released free Downloadable Content for Order of War. The DLC will download automatically the next time you launch the game. This DLC contains all the formerly exclusive pre-order items which include: Heavy Bomber Squadrons - Addition of German Arado and Allied B-24 Marauder heavy bomber units...","Take the command of Free Nations Union forces and defeat the Phantom League on one of six distant planets. The rebels decided to seize the power on Earth by first conquering the space colonies, which provide vital energy resources to AOG. The war for global domination unrolls on continents, at sea, and in the air.",Massive Assault: Phantom Renaissance is the sequel to highly acclaimed turn-based strategy game Massive Assault. Massive Assault: Phantom Renaissance features a renewed global conflict between the Free Nations Union and Phantom League in distant space colonies.,"Uncover the darkest secret of humanity! Young archeologist Sylvie Leroux accidentally stumbles upon an ancient secret. What she doesn't realize is that her research will put her in deadly peril. Who wants to prevent her from finishing her research? Are mere humans standing in her way, or is it a supernatural power?",Get your dream job with a company called Project Freedom. Become a space pilot and serve for the corporation. You're going to get all the excitement and adventure you've ever wanted. Perhaps even more... 21 missions in the campaign Outstanding 3D graphics and special effects Original storyline with unexpected turns and surprises A...,"Destroy the Luftwaffe! There’s something new in the air, and it’s more than the hum of hundreds of aero engines... As the Luftwaffe launches its aerial offensive, the outnumbered Royal Air Force is scrambling to bring into combat new planes that will ensure victory over a stronger foe. Will they succeed?","As a Ghost Warrior, an elite sniper in a highly trained special ops unit, your unique skills in the art of stalking, target detection, surveillance and shooting accuracy will determine mission success.",Sniper: Ghost Warrior Map Pack further expands multiplayer experience with 5 new maps. Battle to control ruined oil-rigs or lie in wait to capture one of mystic stone towers. This Map Pack brings new sniping spots and chance to eliminate enemies from even longer distance.,Sniper: Ghost Warrior - Second Strike includes an additional single player campaign called &amp;quot;Unfinished Business&amp;quot; with refined AI and new challenging levels. It also introduces a new multiplayer mode (Capture the Flag) and three additional weapons: the M200 and L96 sniper rifles and the Desert Eagle high caliber pistol.,"Bad Rats is a physics puzzle game where rats finally get their bloody revenge on their new prisoners: The cats. Come up with creative solutions for each puzzle using physics, functional objects, and your specially trained Rats. Try different ways of solving each puzzle to finish faster or earn higher scores.",,"Razor2: Hidden Skies Razor2: Hidden Skies is a top view shooter. The game has the style of successful classic arcade games, while using the latest technology to create great visuals and effects. An old-school game with all new technology.",Mini Ninjas is a game that combines furious action with stealth and exploration for an experience that appeals to a wide audience across age groups and preferences. It’s an action-adventure with a strong focus on allowing the player freedom to explore the world and has the depth to allow for very varied gameplay and approaches to getting...,"Two years in the making, Championship Manager 2010 is the latest edition of the most established name in football management. TOTAL VISION With over 500 custom animations per player and multiple pitch views the custom 3D match engine lets you watch all your tactics and formations come together.",,"Clementine Valley used to be the place to be! It was world renowned for its fantastic fruit trees lovingly tended to by Old Jim. Unfortunately Jim has lost the energy to grow enough fruit to keep the locals happy, let alone attract the tourists Clementine Valley used to have.","More powerful than the standard assault rifle, this lightweight and lethal automatic rifle features increased accuracy in close combat and a higher magnification scope.","Customised by the Agency and adapted for Rico’s shooting style, this deadly accurate and powerful pistol packs a punch with precision, power and flair.","No agent should be without a hot set of wheels and with an increased top speed and superior handling, you can arrive at your destination in style or make a guaranteed quick getaway.","The ultimate in amphibious transport, the Agency Hovercraft is the most flexible form of transport in the game. Steered by a thrust-based engine for smooth and agile movement, the vehicle is as comfortable on land as off. Equipped with a turret-mounted grenade launcher, you’re guaranteed to blow your opposition out of the water.",The usefulness of an oversized monster truck when destabilizing small countries is clearly evident. Grab this Monster Truck DLC for use in Just Cause 2!,"With the Black Market Aerial Pack you get these cool items: F-33 DragonFly Jet Fighter: With quad-mounted miniguns and double missile launchers, this agile bird is the definite ruler of the skies, and packs a serious punch to land based targets as well. Dual Parachute Thrusters: Take to the air for longer!",With the Black Market 'Boom' Pack you get these cool items: Quad Rocket Launcher: Combine a rocket launcher with a shotgun and you've got yourself the powerful Quad Rocket Launcher - expect some collateral damage!,"Take control of Lara and her new partner Totec, a Mayan tribesman, and uncover the ancient artifact known as the &amp;quot;Mirror of Smoke&amp;quot; in this all new action adventure game.",Grab a friend or go at it alone as Kain and Raziel from the Legacy of Kain games. The two iconic characters must work together to defeat a new threat in an unfamiliar world.,Four new challenge maps filled with hordes of undead enemies and devious traps you must maneuver and exploit to survive.,"Four new explosive challenge maps featuring a variety of tense puzzles, deadly traps, and relentless combat encounters.","Four new challenge maps featuring mind-boggling puzzles, waves of intense combat action, and a fiery reunion with an old friend.",Experience what it’s like to be Batman and face off against Gotham's greatest villians. Explore every inch of Arkham Asylum and roam freely on the infamous island.,"Saudi Arabia, one of the world's leading oil suppliers and a key U.S. ally, has been taken over by a highly organized group of radical terrorists. The government is in a state of collapse and turmoil and you have been chosen to lead the United States' armed forces to restore control.","Clutch is a fast-paced arcade racing game which will challenge the resilience of anyone's nerves. You play as a person who has survived a catastrophe of the Large Hadron Collider (LHC), while everyone else in the city has been transformed into a bloodthirsty zombie.","Features traditional time trial mode and 9 other game modes, including the popular “Capture the flag”, “Gate hunt” and “Pathfinder”.","The PostMortem Character Pack adds 4 more new and unique playable characters for Killing Floor as Downloadable Content. Once you have bought the pack, they will become selectable in the character selection screen in-game.","The &quot;London's Finest&quot; Character Pack adds 4 more new and unique playable characters for Killing Floor as Downloadable Content. Once you have bought the pack, they will become selectable in the character selection screen in-game.",Defence Alliance 2 is a total conversion mod for Killing Floor featuring team based futuristic FPS game play. DA2 blends fast paced action with class based tactics to create an experience that is instantly enjoyable while still offering very deep gameplay.,"The Victorian era was never so fun and deadly. The Steampunk Character Pack adds 4 more new and unique playable characters for Killing Floor as Downloadable Content. Once you have bought the pack, they will become selectable in the character selection screen in-game.","The Victorian era was never so fun and deadly. The Steampunk Character Pack 2 adds 4 more new and unique playable characters for Killing Floor as Downloadable Content. Once you have bought the pack, they will become selectable in the character selection screen in-game.",Contains full Rising Storm content as well!,"As a swashbuckling archaeologist, unlock the mystery of the ancient ruins that have been hidden for centuries and discover a mysterious artifact, a gold and metal shelled Ball.",Dig! Dig! Dig! Manage the small underground Dwarf base and make it as rich as possible before they meet their inevitable doom. Purchase before May 11th and save!,Big Brain Wolf is a hilarious point and click adventure game for puzzle lovers. The player takes upon the role of an asthmatic vegetarian wolf studying to become a genie. In the course of his adventures the player will encounter a large cast of famous funny characters and solve sixty different puzzles.,"Three Heroes make their way through dangers untold in a fairytale world of great castles and strange machinery, featuring physics-based puzzles, beautiful sights and online co-op.","Three Heroes make their way through dangers untold in a fairytale world, featuring physics-based puzzles, beautiful sights and online co-op.","What is BRAINPIPE? Is it an otherworldly mind control device, masquerading as a seemingly quaint computer game? Is it a gateway to worlds beyond our own, created by eldritch wizardry and invoked by strange creatures hidden away on uncharted islands in the South Pacific?","Foreign Legion: Buckets of Blood is a cartoon-style third-person shooter. You take the role of a last-standing hard-boiled Legionnaire taking on an entire rebel army. A small campaign with various objectives, such as defending civilians, escorting a tourist bus and a mass-chicken-murder map.","Travel back in time to a world of danger and mystery; a place where the open waters can mean anything but smooth sailing. Get carried away in these three classic installments in the acclaimed Tradewinds® Series. &amp;nbsp; Sail, trade and battle with legendary heroes such as Sinbad in the mythical Far East.","Tradewinds Odyssey, the latest installment in the highly-acclaimed Tradewinds series, takes you on an adventurous journey across ancient Greece, where gods, heroes and monsters of legend await. Guide five unique heroes - the Athlete, Cynic, Priestess, Minotaur and Goddess - as you embark on over 50 chapters and quests, encountering...",Stake your claim today! Fortune is yours for the taking! Steer the fortunes of three adventurous pioneers as they build and defend their ever-growing settlement from dangerous bandits determined to cheat or steal from anyone they cross.,"Over the past few years, we’ve watched Jill Evans grow from a fresh-out-of-baking-school student to a world-class culinary celeb. Now, Jill confronts her greatest challenge yet - planning her dream wedding – in Cake Mania® 3, the highly anticipated follow-up to one of the most popular casual games of all-time!","In a distant fairy-tale world, the villagers of Curly Valley are being attacked by legions of quirky and bizarre monsters. Fortify villages with various towers, upgrades and unusual defensive armaments to repel these mysterious invaders and protect the grateful villagers who cheer your every conquest!","When Katya, a young explorer with no memory of her past, awakens on Kuros™, she finds a mysterious alien world teetering on the brink of destruction. Determined to piece together her forgotten life, she sets out to explore her strange surroundings.","Join Super Granny® and her friends, Kamila and Margaret, as they set out to rescue their missing kitties in this all-new, globe-trotting adventure! Run, dig, climb and explore your way through more than 160 levels in 6 unique settings, play the all-new side-by-side cooperative multiplayer mode, or create your own adventure in Super...","Take a trip back to Jill Evans'&amp;trade; hometown of Bakersfield in Cake Mania Main Street&amp;trade;, the highly anticipated fourth chapter in one of the most popular time management series of all time! Help Jill and her closest friends earn enough money to revitalize Main Street by opening, managing, and upgrading four unique downtown shops...","Ride the rails to fun and adventure in Westward&amp;reg; IV: All Aboard, a thrilling real-time strategy adventure from Sandlot Games! When the patriarchal owner of the Turner Railroad Company goes missing, his children, Anne and Henry, are called upon to uncover the truth behind his disappearance.","Help Alex navigate a bustling urban landscape as she frantically searches for her former Iron Roses&amp;trade; band mates and tries to convince them to enter the upcoming ""Battle of the Bands"". Track down lost equipment, interact with intriguing characters, and use all of your problem solving skills as you make the long, hard climb to the...","Angle Of Attack is the aerial combat action companion title to All Aspect Warfare. It features high-octane air combat against air, land and sea threats over vast planetary regions. See the action from a different perspective and get in on the action!","All Aspect Warfare is a thrilling planetary combat game featuring first person, vehicular and air combat over vast terrain.","It was July 7th, 2011. While investigating reports of unlawful weapons trafficking, peacekeeping forces encountered an unclassified carnivorous species occupying a small village in Northern Africa. These rabid creatures were easily provoked and resistant to conventional attack.","UFO: Extraterrestrials GOLD is a new GOLD edition which includes a number of changes and improvements giving a player a new look on the classic game: new maps, possibility to hire soldiers, globe UFO swarms and configurability.","Inspired by Aztec legend, this action/rpg side-scroller will casts you into the middle of a war between the Gods and Mankind. As Huitzilo, heir of the Sun God, skilled in both the arts of combat and magic, only you can save your people from the wrath of the Aztec Gods by reuniting the seven phonograms.","Travel the globe in search of flavorful and exotic ingredients to customize your own chocolate creations. You’ll use post-World War II economic and technological advances to customize your very own chocolate creations, assist the Baumiesters, and strive to become CEO of your very own chocolate empire!","When Cookie the Chef leaves Flo's Diner to pursue a career on a popular reality cooking TV show, there is a shortage of chefs in DinerTown as Cookie invites them all to appear as guest stars. Flo, with her grandmother, help out at all four DinerTown restaurants and ends up hosting with Cookie on a Hollywood set of Flo's Diner!","It's a girl! And a boy! In fact, it's every adorable baby in DinerTown, all bundled up for you to lavish with love. Keep these DinerTown darlings cooing by helping out Wilson, who's in over his head running the local daycare. Now's the time to make a play date with the game that's literally crawling with fun!","On a visit to her hometown, Flo and her Grandma Florence take a stroll down memory lane. Bring five restaurants back to life, and meet new customers like the Hungry Man and the Celebrity. Take special care of customers with reservations and place flowers at tables in order to make diners happier.","Work with the world's most cunning detective in the shadowy underbelly of the Emerald City of Oz! As Petra, you'll be lured deep into mysteries involving new foes and familiar faces; Scarecrow, Lion, and Toto included. This is Oz as you've never seen it before! Solve your detective's quest and unravel a conspiracy of magic and intrigue!","Ready for a new adventure? Welcome to Wandering Willows&amp;trade;, a whimsical world full of wondrous wildlife and engaging quests. With over forty enchanting pets for you to befriend and train, you're sure to find just the right help completing quests for the land's amusing inhabitants, who range from gruff pirates to rocket ship...","Quinn is back on a new whirlwind adventure, joined by Flo&amp;reg; and Joe Wright, wedding photographer. Help Quinn become the world's top wedding planner in this hilarious sequel to the hit game Wedding Dash&amp;reg;. Visit beautiful, exotic locations while managing new guests, fulfilling bride and groom requests, and tackling comedic disasters.","Are you overwhelmed at work? Dutifully doing the day-to-day but stressed by the systematic strain of your routine? Enter the world of Zenerchi, a new game that puts a peaceful twist on the classic three-in-a-row game play.","The evil Grub Burger fast food chain has bribed their way into DinerTown™ and is threatening to drive out the local diners with their cheap prices, sneaky tactics and the mysterious Ingredient X! It is up to you to take charge and help Flo and the people of DinerTown before it’s too late.","Something’s not right in DinerTown&amp;trade;! Help Bernie the Bookworm become a ""real detective"" as you hunt for vital clues in major mysteries like ""who stuck their finger in all the jelly donuts?"" and ""who’s been partying like a rock star with the zoo animals?",The Nightshift Code is a hidden object adventure game that takes players on mysterious and sometimes dangerous journeys from an ancient history museum in Chicago all the way to a secret location in the Greek Isles.,"Nightshift Legacy takes you on a historical adventure full of romance and intrigue with The Nightshift Code heroes, Mike and Isabel. You'll travel from the jungles of Guatemala to the streets of Moscow, from present day back to the history of the Spanish Civil War, brush elbows with historical luminaries such as Frida Kahlo and Diego...","While jogging, Jo notices her fellow DinerTown&amp;reg; residents gobbling up double bacon burgers at Flo's Diner just days before the annual tug-of-war competition. Appalled, she urges them to stop or risk losing to the Meatropolis Mashers, but, alas, they ignore her warning and lose the competition.","In Mahjong Roadshow, you’ll make your way from garage sales to the auction block in search of priceless treasures from antiquity! Leave no tile unturned as you sift through rooms full of everyday objects to find the most valuable objects on earth! Is it a 12th century original or a 20th century replica?",Welcome to the world of TriJinx – an action-puzzle with a tumbling twist! It’s Egypt in 1935 and you are trapped in the tomb of TriClops! Can you outrun this triangle trap? Match triangles and clear colors as you help Kristine Kross on her quest to find her missing father and escape.,"Murder, scandal and your first big break! You’re a young, aspiring reporter, hungry for your first big scoop in the male-dominated world of 1920’s journalism. Not settling for your role as secretary, you soon stumble upon a high-profile murder, a scandalous cover up and the framing of an innocent man.","While walking home with a group of friends, you discover a mysterious beam of light coming from an unexpected solar eclipse. The light leads you to an ancient astrological site that suddenly transports you all to an unfamiliar world!","Ben There, Dan That! and Time Gentlemen, Please! are a couple of rip-roaring point-and-click adventure games . With tongue firmly in cheek, sit back, relax, and put your mind to work solving puzzles, and reading some very funny dialogue. It's like a book, only good!","Magnetis™ is all about attraction! Connect the magnets to create electric explosions. Solving this frantic puzzle will require quick thinking and foresight, anticipating connections in order to generate massive chain reactions to win the highest number of points!","Explore a dream-like world of impossible wonders... Explore 10 different immersive, animated environments Interact with dozens of physics-based creatures and objects Solve brain-tickling puzzles to unlock new rooms and reveal new...","Have you ever wondered what could happen if time travel was a reality? Have you ever thought about the possibility of going back in time to rewrite history for the better? That possibility is a reality in Darkest of Days, where players will travel back and forth through the annals of time to relive some of mankind's most dire hours.","Experience a new dimension of puzzle action game fun in QuantZ for the PC; a fabulous adventure that goes beyond the Action-Puzzler, Match-3 and Marble Popper genres. The gameplay is simple yet addictive: you have the power to control a cube with your mouse and drop marbles onto it.","Includes the first three titles in the the ultimate jewel matching adventure, Jewel Quest! Rupert and Emma have settled down and opened a museum to display their many artifacts. While playing with a mysterious jewel board, their daughter unknowingly pops open a secret compartment.","Includes the first three installments of Mahjong Quest, the epic tale of tile matchmaking! What's the meaning of happiness? You are Kwazi. Starting from a mysterious birth at a mountaintop monastery and ending as a wizened old man, you use your grandfather's ancient Mah Jong set to solve an ever-challenging series of puzzles.","In Coconut Queen, the island of Lui Lui beckons you to bask amid miles of sun-drenched coastline. Disembark into its floral air, and discover that you are the island's much-awaited Coconut Queen. Your own private getaway is devoid of females, so find company among the brawny native gents who welcome you with succulent fruits.","Send the housing market through the roof as you build, buy, and sell houses in the new strategy game, Build-a-lot! You can flip houses for quick cash or sit back and watch the rental income pile up. Become a real estate mogul as you visit scenic towns, earn huge profits and perform special favors for the colorful local mayors.","It’s time to get busy again building, buying and selling houses in Build-a-lot 2: Town of the Year! There are new towns to explore, new Mayors to meet and lots of money to be made as you cast your vote for the ‘Town of the Year’. Use your keen eye to pick the right locations to build parks and shops.","Build-a-lot 3 is your passport to fun! Travel all over Europe as you restore rundown houses, develop friendly services and beautify neighborhoods with picturesque landmarks. The changing needs of the neighborhood will sure keep you busy--you may need to brave the rain and snow, deal with noisy neighbors, or even put out a small fire to...","The power is in your hands! Help friendly towns to grow and glow by building neighborhoods and generating clean energy to make them run. Watch out for power overload! If you build too fast, you may experience blackouts and unhappy renters.","Slip into a pair of overalls and try your hand at running a farm! From tending to the fields where your cows graze to gathering eggs for sale at the town market, Farm Frenzy is as stimulating as the real thing-- only you won't have to experience the nasty smells!","There's nothing wrong with indulging in a little &quot;fowl play&quot; when it's Farm Frenzy 2, the all-new sequel to the smash hit of 2007! The fun never stops as you grow grass, feed chickens, collect eggs and take your produce to market.","Pizza lovers unite! It's time to return to the farm to create your favorite food! You'll start out by growing grass, feeding animals and collecting produce. Then you'll turn your goods into the ingredients you need to make different pizzas!","Manage five farms around the world and try your hand at penguin-breeding and jewelry-making in Farm Frenzy 3! Features 95 outrageously fun levels, 30 wacky animals and more upgrades than there are ears in a corn field!","Can you keep up with Scarlett and the latest advancements in technology as you grow crops, feed animals, collect produce and manufacture goods? Of course you can! Just don't let the zany new animations distract you from the task at hand.",Build the heart of the Ancient Roman Empire and become its Emperor! This legendary city was one of the most beautiful and powerful capitals to have ever existed in the ancient world! Resurrect the masterpieces of Roman architecture. The Coliseum will make a good training school for your brave gladiators.,"Build the mysterious heart of Ancient Persia in this engaging puzzle game! The original capital of the Achaemenid Empire was adorned with luxurious metals, gems and stone carvings, sure to have impressed peasants and visiting nobles alike.",This unique collection includes elite units previously only available in the original boxed edition of the game or via pre-order with selected retailers. It also features two brand new units never released before.,"Romance of Rome offers you another chance to visit the legendary Roman Empire. Love and treachery, adventure and jeopardy await you in this amazing hidden object game. Join Marcus as he travels to Rome in search of the greatest adventure of his life!","Roogoo is an innovative and unusual 3D puzzle game that has players guide and stack different shaped blocks through various platforms to not only save planet Roo, but the entire Roogoo race. Roogoo tasks players with guiding meteors in the form of shaped blocks through a series of rotating disks as a means of saving planet Roo and the...","Following its international success, Hotel Giant is back and bigger than ever. In Hotel Giant 2 you will create the hotel of your dreams and manage prestigious locations around the world. Your goal is to attract as many guests as possible and make sure they are satisfied throughout their stay.","Kingpin is a tale of revenge. Take control of a street gang and order your recruits to attack, defend or even do a little safe-cracking to pick up some needed cash. Use that cash to buy nastier weapons and take down your punk enemies in this intense first-person shooter. Being the Kingpin is half attitude and all action.",Sacrifice is the acclaimed real-time strategy game that focuses on combat instead of resource gathering. The only two resources you'll need to worry about are mana and souls. Need more units? Capture the souls of your enemy. Cast spells of awesome power.,"ON A GOOD DAY, ONLY 2.5 MILLION PEOPLE WILL DIE. As vast alien mining cities suck the power and minerals from every major metropolis on Earth simultaneously, time is of the essence as millions of civilians are expiring by the second.","3 Unlikely Heroes, 1 Ultimate Goal Kurt Hectic is back to save the universe. This time he is teamed with the genius Dr. Hawkins and the 6-legged gun-toting robotic dog, Max. Together they must out-sneak, out-blast and out-think their enemies as they attempt to reclaim earth from a vile alien menace.","From Evil the Cat’s’Circus of the Scars’ to the planet of Meat, join Jim on a madcap chase across the galaxy. Saving cows, thwarting lawyers and outsmarting Psy-Crow are all in a day’s work for Jim. Are you up to the challenge? Can you handle the awesome new weapons? Excellent! Then stop reading this. Try it now!","Have magical fun in the addicting Card game, Faerie Solitaire! Find and raise a Faerie pet and repopulate the magical land of Avalon using the resources found by clearing each level.","The gameplay in Toki Tori is a blend of two genres. While it looks like a platform game, it's a puzzle game at heart. To progress through the game, the player must pick up each egg in a level using a set number of tools.","From the twisted puzzle minds behind the award winning Toki Tori comes a new game, simply called RUSH. Fortunately for fans of high quality puzzle games, RUSH is anything but simple. In the game's fully three dimensional levels, players need to guide cubes to color coded exit points using Conveyor belts, Warps, Stops Signs, Splits and...","EDGE, the award winning retro-styled platform game has been extended! Now with over 40 brand new levels, additional music and all-new races against the notorious Dark Cube!","GangWars is a massive expansion for the Free-to-Play Online Shooter CrimeCraft. GangWars revamps the experience for new users while also adding exciting end game content for veteran players. GangWars is set in the bloody aftermath of the Bleedout Campaign and the destruction of the Scorpion Chamber, the governing body of Sunrise City.","Our newly released Mesh Visualizer features intricately animated visuals scrolled out onto a 3d plane. Literally hundreds of combinations of art are used to create a unique experience each time you play! Once downloaded, the Mesh Visualizer will automatically add itself to your Visualizer rotation.","Our newly released Revolution Visualizer features surreal artwork that'll flood your screen with vibrant color and imagery. Literally hundreds of combinations of art are used to create a unique experience each time you play! Once downloaded, the Revolution Visualizer will automatically add itself to your Visualizer rotation.","Our newly released Deep Ocean Visualizer takes you on a voyage through the depths of an undersea abyss full of vibrant marine life. Once downloaded, the Deep Ocean Visualizer will automatically add itself to your Visualizer rotation. Key features: Brand new Visualzer featuring surreal aquatic visuals!","Our new Tornado Visualizer features spinning graphics that dynamically change as you play! Once downloaded, the Tornado Visualizer will automatically add itself to your Visualizer rotation. Key features: Brand new Visualzer featuring intense spinning graphics that change as you play!","Our new DJ Table Visualizer features a 3D turn table complete with vibrant background graphics that change each time you play! Once downloaded, the DJ Table Visualizer will automatically add itself to your Visualizer rotation. Key features: Brand new Visualzer featuring a 3D turn table and vibrant background graphics!","NASA has once again landed on the lunar surface with the goal of colonization, research, and further exploration. Shortly after the return to the Moon, NASA has established a small outpost on the south pole of the moon called Moonbase Alpha.","Your husband Richard lies dead beneath the cherry blossoms of Old Japan, and the police are of no help. Step into history and uncover the truth when no one else will. Find devilishly hidden clues, explore exotic locales, and bring the killer to justice!","Make new friends and new enemies as you dive into a world of epic adventure! Create your perfect hero thanks to a uniquely customizable class system. Collect, craft, and customize your gear. Go it alone or group up to challenge dungeons, raids, dynamic open-world content, and your fellow players.",Dungeon Siege® combines the immersive elements of a role-playing game with over-the-top intensity and non-stop action. Dungeon Siege plunges you into a continuous 3D fantasy world where you face off against an army of evil that has been unleashed.,"It’s been a generation since you vanquished the evil that plagued the Land of Ehb, and now…a new menace has awakened. In Dungeon Siege II, the sequel to the best-selling RPG from Gas Powered Games, you will be called on to again wield sword and spell to save the world from a growing abomination many years in the making.","Travel beyond the borders of Ehb to the Aranoi Desert. Treasures of the Sun features new enemies, new abilities, a higher level cap, and a new Enchanting System!","A nameless hero becomes a legend! Myrtana, a world in upheaval: overrun by orcs from the dark lands in the north, King Rhobar is defending Vengard, the former stronghold of the humans, with his last troop of followers.",Gothic II: Gold Edition brings together the excitement of Gothic II and the add-on Night of the Raven to your fingertips! You have torn down the magical barrier and released the prisoners of the Mine Valley. Now the former criminals of the forests and mountains are causing trouble around the capital of Khorinis.,"It’s the year 1400- the late Middle Ages. Europe sees the dawn of the golden age of the new departures and the free spirit. Under the rule of the bourgeoisie and businessmen, more and more towns are emerging from the clutches of the aristocracy and are achieving independence, power and wealth.","Included in the Platinum Edition are three titles:SpellForce: The Order of DawnIn a world beyond imagination...In their immeasurable greed and constant thirst for power, the thirteen most powerful Mages of all time doomed the land, hurling it into an endless spiral of chaos and despair.",SpellForce 2 - Anniversary Edition presents the award-winning SpellForce saga hits: &amp;quot;SpellForce 2 – Shadow Wars&amp;quot; and the add-on &amp;quot;SpellForce 2 – Dragon Storm&amp;quot; for a spectacular game experience!,"William &amp;quot;Bill&amp;quot; Sherman has a problem - he's dead. Blown to pieces by his own C4 payload, which he wanted to eliminate a South American druglord with on behalf of some shady secret service people.","The water is no longer calm. The undersea world has undergone a transformation from tranquil environment to a place of unspeakable violence, graphic murder and horrific danger.","AQUANOX 2: REVELATION is a new story of the underwater world Aqua. In 2666 a young freighter pilot called William Drake sets out to search for the heritage of a mythical ancestor. He is looking for adventure - and finds greed, ruthlessness, merciless hatred … and also unexpected help.","The Guild 2 is the shining successor of the ultra successful medieval life sim, Europe 1400. The Guild 2 is a unique mixture of RPG and life simulation in an immersive middle ages scenario. The player and his party become part of history and can even change it in real-time. Go back to the dark middle ages and found a new dynasty!",The first true life simulation series set in the fascinating medieval Europe! The Addon expands and transforms the game into an even greater experience by adding a huge area including the cities of &amp;quot;The Hanse&amp;quot; located at the shores of the European seas.,"Mars, 2044. The UN establishes MARSCORP (Martian Security and Economics Committee) under the leadership of Samuel Longwood. In the years that follow, the UN gradually loses control of MARSCORP, mainly due to the non-transparent licence policy of its director.","For centuries Europe has been dominated by the church and nobility. On the shoulders of ordinary people the servants of god and the noble families justified their power and wealth. This was the incontrovertible, divine world order. A truly dark era… In the 14th Century the world order is beginning to transform itself.","War covers the southern islands until it finally reaches the idyllic isle of Feshyr. You take on the role as the new nameless hero after your village has been pillaged and destroyed by paladins of the king. Seeking revenge, you soon realize that this cowardly attack did not just happen on a reckless mercenary`s whim.","Nation Red is an ultra fast infinite play arena-based shooter providing an exceptional close-quarter battlefield experience. Fight thousands of zombie mutants and their bosses in frantic bloody gameplay while earning close to 100 perks. Fight in Barricade, Survival or Free Play mode.",Coniclysm is an abstract third person shooter where the player assumes the role of an intelligence adapting for survival in a strange new universe.Key FeaturesThis isn’t your typical shooter--you will need much more than quick reflexes! Explore the strange universe where everything has a purpose.,"Includes 47 Steam achievements, leaderboards, and stats!","Get ready for some awesome new features and upgrades developed by Chris Taylor and the team at Gas Powered Games - The Infinite War Battle Pack for SUPREME COMMANDER® 2 featuring a whole host of new maps, units, experimentals, tech tree upgrades, and boosts for PC!","In the award winning game ItzaBitza™ , drawings truly come to life. Kids help their Sketchy by using Living Ink™ - a unique drawing recognition system – to draw one-of-a kind interactive objects that form the centerpiece of the game's action.",Children jump right into a drawing adventure with friendly animals that are ready to play and help them learn to read! Using Living Ink™ – Sabi’s unique drawing recognition system - kid's drawings become one-of-a kind interactive objects that form the centerpiece of the game's action.,"The island Faranga needs a new hero, you! Delve into a gritty, raw and atmospheric fantasy world in which every action has a consequence. In the epic world of Risen, filled with mysterious earthquakes, fearsome monsters and unimaginable treasures, forge your path with the sword, learn the art of staff fighting or become a powerful mage.","By the creators of Panzer Elite Action: Stormregion; this real-time strategy title will once more take you onto the European battlefields of the Second World War. 1944–1945: In a race for the German capital Berlin, you take command of American, British, French and Soviet Red Army forces.","Unravel one of the greatest mysteries of our time! On the 30th June 1908 an explosion with the combined energy of 2000 Hiroshima bombs rocked the region of Tunguska in Central Siberia and felled over 6,000 square km of trees. The explosion could be heard from as far as 1,000km away.","The sequel to the award winning adventure hit Secret Files Tunguska. Famine in Africa, floods in Southeast Asia, economic crisis in Europe, and civil wars in South America, the world is on the brink of disaster.","1936: Soldiers of the Third Reich roam the world seeking occult weapons for their insane plans of conquest. When Fenton Paddock, a former British soldier and hapless smuggler, is asked to look for his friend Richard, who went missing in Tibet, he has no idea that this search will lead him across three continents to a secret that could...","Constant sense of ultimate speed is your only companion, and fast reflexes and tactical skills are what stands between victory and defeat. Buy before Dec. 7 10AM PST and get 10% off.","Set several years after the end of Risen, raging titans have devastated the world and pushed humanity to the brink of existence. Subsequently, monstrous creatures have risen from the watery depths of the sea and their attacks have brought all seafaring to a grinding halt.","A set of stylish premium pirate items that includes a hat, boots, trousers, a pistol and a special ring to increase the rate in which the player accumulates experience by 5%. These items will be part of the player's inventory right from the beginning of the game.","Embark on a brand new adventure in pursuit of the legendary treasure of Captain Steelbeard. Join Captain Steelbeard's daughter, Patty, on a journey to an unknown island that offers new environments to explore and many puzzles to solve, treasures to loot and mysteries to unravel.","Gargoyles have infested the world of Risen 2: Dark Waters. Explore the mysterious Air Temple to uncover the mystery that surrounds it as you embark on an extensive new quest. Explore and discover an additional island with new characters, quests and enemies.","&amp;quot;You are outgunned. You are massively outnumbered. You must win.&amp;quot; These are your orders. Humanity has already fought its war against the machines -- and lost. AI death squads stand watch over every planet and every wormhole, the few remaining human settlements are held captive in orbiting bubbles, and the AIs have turned their...","Every planet is a choice. Every choice has a consequence. The Zenith Remnant is the first expansion to Arcen Games' hit space-based indie RTS/4X hybrid, AI War: Fleet Command. This expansion includes a massive amount of new content that bring the galaxy to life in exciting ways.","Today I am born, today I die. The Neinzul are an insectoid race of perpetual &amp;quot;younglings&amp;quot; that live for an extremely short span before dying and being superseded by fully-aware and vicious replacements. Their Enclaves form mini-collectives with their own personalities, goals, and desires.","The Spire are coming... Ravaged by their recent encounters with the same AIs that pushed humanity to the brink of extinction, the Spire are an alien race that have also been all but destroyed. However, while the AIs were successful in their surprise attack against the Spire, the Spire are far more powerful than even the AIs seem to have...","Introducing Champions: These modular behemoths can be upgraded, gain EXP, and lend powerful aid to your main forces. But champions possess a unique power that sets them even further apart from other units: they can explore entirely new parts of the galaxy where the AI cannot reach.","Tidalis is a block-based puzzle game with casual appeal, hardcore depth, and an addictive new &amp;quot;streams&amp;quot; mechanic. The game is brimming over with riffs and variants on that core mechanic with 20 game modes, dozens of special blocks and items, and 115 levels in the adventure mode alone.","Sacraboar is an RTS game in which players have to capture their opponent's boar trophy. Featuring an intuitive and easy to use resource management system, the game offers fast-paced game play without lengthy and tedious construction phases.",Machinarium is the award-winning independent adventure game developed by the makers of Samorost series and Botanicula. Help Josef the robot save his girlfriend Berta kidnapped by the Black Cap Brotherhood gang!,65-minute Machinarium Original Soundtrack from acclaimed composer and musician Floex and 121-page Machinarium digital art book.,"Samorost 2, the sequel to free browser based game Samorost 1 is a short point-and-click adventure in which you must help out a little space gnome as he searches for his dog, which has been taken away by aliens.","The infamous, tough-as-nails platformer comes to Steam with a playable Head Crab character (Steam-exclusive)!","Enter a macabre and comical silent world filled with mischief, time travel and delicious pie. Includes Steam Achievements, Cloud, and Leaderboards!","The original castle sim, Stronghold HD allows you to design, build and destroy historical castles. Engage in medieval warfare against the AI in one of two single player campaigns or online with up to 8 players.","The highly anticipated sequel to the best-selling Stronghold, Stronghold Crusader HD throws you into historic battles and castle sieges from the Crusades with fiendish AI opponents, new units, 4 historical campaigns and over 100 unique skirmish missions.","Catapult werewolves over castle walls, incinerate troops with dragon fire and command the Knights of the Round Table! This remaster of the mythical ‘castle sim’ features Steam multiplayer, Workshop support, new maps, achievements and DLC campaigns.",Serious Sam HD: The First Encounter is a visually upgraded and fully Steam supported remake version of the original high-adrenaline single-play and 16-player co-operative arcade-action FPS which was Gamespot's Game of the Year 2001 and which scored overall of 87% on Metacritic!,Serious Sam HD: The Second Encounter is a visually upgraded and fully Steam supported remake of the original high-adrenaline single-play and 16-player co-operative arcade-action FPS and Gamespot's Game of the Month!,Serious 8 DLC contains eight player characters for Serious Sam HD: The Second Encounter multiplayer.,Serious Sam is a high-adrenaline single-play and 16-player co-operative arcade-action FPS and Gamespot's Game of the Year 2001!,Serious Sam Classic: The Second Encounter is a high-adrenaline single-play and 16-player co-operative arcade-action FPS and Gamespot's Game of the Month February 2002!,Serious Sam 3: BFE is a prequel to the original indie fast action FPS and Game of the Year sensation - Serious Sam: The First Encounter!,The Jewel of the Nile DLC follows the legendary hero to the mysterious Temple of Isis on the Island of Philae where a monstrous temple guardian lies in wait.,"Hammerfight is about 2D battles of flying machines equipped with various slashing, piercing and blunt weaponry.A unique combat system is based on realistic physics simulation, and it ties the movements of the rider to the movements of your mouse. As you wave the mouse, your rider swings his warhammer, smashing the foe into the wall!","Now Available on PC, Mac and Linux!","Doom Rails is a new casual-style 3D multiplayer cart battle game where you select one of nine characters, and zip around hazardous roller coaster tracks. Blast opponent’s carts to bits using rockets, force fields, pulse waves, and mines. While battling others avoid spiked pendulums, metal fists, and exploding debris.","Behold Torchlight, a fresh new Action RPG franchise developed by Runic Games. Torchlight is being developed in Seattle by a veteran team composed of the designers and leads of projects like Diablo, Diablo II, Mythos, and Fate. Our team has spent many years honing and evolving this unique style of gameplay.","Earthworm Jim, spineless superhero, wriggles back into action as the Groovy Guardian of Goodness in an incredible journey of cheese-curdling proportions. Left unconscious by a massive cow-induced blow to the head and clad in his indestructible, high-tech super suit, Earthworm Jim continues the battle for truth, justice and well aerated...","Tommy Tronic - an old-skool platformer that isn't trying to be anything else! Jumping, shooting, dodging and exploring is all that's required to help get Tommy to his destination and free his tiny puppy from the clutches of an insane genius school-kid and his brutal sidekick 'Biffa'.","Players will control two very different characters, Death and the Fly. Each character has special skills that must be used to navigate the many traps and puzzles contained in each level. With many interesting ways to die and numerous opponents to face, the player will be challenged and entertained for hours.","With over 2 million copies sold, the new episode of the most internationally successful S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series seamlessly connects to the first part of the Shadow of Chernobyl. S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Call of Pripyat takes PC gamers once again into the vicinity of the Chernobyl nuclear reactor that exploded in 1986.","Create crazy, yet functional, custom vehicles to solve missions with your own unique style!","Who needs backstory? Who needs resource-gathering? Diplomacy is so last year. Gratuitous Space Battles cuts right to the chase of sci-fi strategy games, and deals with large, completely unjustified space battles between huge opposing space fleets.","The galactic war has gone on long enough. There is only one power in this galaxy that has the common sense to bring the fighting to an end, and now that power is about to be unleashed. Ladies, Gentlemen, Entities, I present to you the almighty power of the pan-species collection of idealistic space-hippies and bringers of galactic peace...","Be warned heathen un-believers. The Galaxy is not your plaything. This galaxy was created in a weekend by the one true god, and he has no room in it for the likes of heathen aliens such as you. If your species is not listed in the holy book of the one true god, then it's pretty clear you are a mistake, and the order is here to rectify...","Pack up your spacesuits and head for the exits. Your time in this galaxy is over. The swarm is on the way. They are heading towards us, and like the tide, they cannot be stopped. Your lasers and missiles may destroy the first wave, but that is the first of many. There seems to be no end to their numbers and they will never give up.","It's not about the destination, it's about the journey. You journey is to your death, preferably by high-powered plasma torpedo volleys, if the armada of aliens known as 'the nomads' are to be believed. The nomads have no homeworld, they don't believe it's time to 'settle down' as a species.","There will be a time for peace in the galaxy, where life-forms can skip through the fields and read poetry, unworried by the threat of war, but this is not that time. There will be a time for song, time for cakes, time for long afternoon strolls, but this is not that time.","If you catch them at the wrong time the parasites are a race to be reckoned with. Every 200 years or so they travel the galaxy looking for new hosts, and we're not suggesting that this is a race that excels at making people feel welcome at parties.","It had all started so simply, eleven thousand years ago. The odd replacement leg here, the odd augmented eye there, and for a while everyone on the Vla-hurk home-world was quite happy with the trend towards cybernetic augmentation.","You are the Bard, a selfish rogue weary of pointless sub-quests and rat-infested cellars. Now includes original classic games The Bard’s Tale 1, 2 &amp; 3!","Trino, an evolving alien, must escape an insidious nano-robot swarm that have imprisoned him for his powers. Includes 37 Steam Achievements!","All new DLC, Retro Fever, Now Available!","This map pack contains new levels that bring back the irrepressible charm, and also that daunting touch of hardcore difficulty, that could only be found in the 80’s. They are inspired by famous levels found in legendary NES titles and carry names such as It’s a me, Hamilton! and Dungeon #9.",The game brings you far into the future of a post-apocalyptic Sweden.,"By popular demand your favorite developer has given their level designers the task of creating even more retro extravaganza in the same spirit as the Toader level of the main release. This map pack contains new levels that bring back the irrepressible charm, and also that daunting touch of hardcore difficulty, that could only be found in...",Defuse an Explosive Situation at an Exclusive Resort!,Play the Game that Started the Award-Winning Series!,A terrifying myth comes alive in Germany!,Apprehend a Saboteur Stirring up Turbulent Trouble!,"Take to the skies in this fast paced, arcade aerial combat game featuring arena style gameplay. Fly solo in single player or compete against other players in online multiplayer modes.","Become the ultimate weapon. Fight to the end in the war that started it all. Wield an arsenal of lethal, high-tech weaponry and change form from robot to vehicle at any time as you battle through the living, metallic world of Cybertron.","Fans of East India Company will get the chance to experience the darker side of naval trading and combat with the upcoming expansion, East India Company: Privateer. Players will get to take on the role of a ruthless seafaring privateer, motivated solely by a thirst for fortune and holding allegiance only to those who will pay for their...","Take up the reigns of your country, guide domestic and foreign policy, navigate thousands of historical events, engage in various struggles and lead your country to prosperity – all in the name of glory!",East India Company: Battle of Trafalgar recreates the legendary sea battle fought between the British Royal navy and the combined fleets of the French and Spanish navies during the height of the Napoleonic wars in late 1805.,"Taking place from 1936-64, Arsenal of Democracy lets you play as any nation during the era of WW2, complete with detailed models for economics, diplomacy, research, and intelligence. Warfare is also fully represented with all three branches of operations: land, sea, and air.","What is the connection between the nightmares of Lord Blackviper and those mysterious eyes, burning in the night? Who are these little green men? The ones stabbing your tax collectors with their spears? Can the shamans of the God of Plague rival the very gods themselves? From whence does his avatars appear, and who is to blame?","Sword of the Stars: Complete Collection is the original Sword of the Stars games and the three expansions Born of Blood, A Murder of Crows and Argos Naval Yard. It is the year 2405, and human scientists have discovered a new technology that allows travel from star to star at speeds faster than light.","It’s time to dust off the field marshal's baton and take command of any nation in World War II; the largest conflict in history. The first expansion to the critically acclaimed Hearts of Iron III lets you take charge - or delegate - at any level, from division to nation, through a variety of scenarios.","Dies Irae adds increased depth and scope to playing as Germany through World War 2. Special events, mechanics and graphics have been added and designed to make the Hearts of Iron experience even more engrossing. The emphasis has been placed on the aggressive nation of the war. This allows players to guide and control the war’s outcome.","It’s time to dust off the field marshal's baton and take command of any nation in World War II; the largest conflict in history. The first expansion to the critically acclaimed Hearts of Iron III lets you take charge -or delegate -at any level, from division to nation, through a variety of scenarios.","This spritepack contains 87 new animated 3D-Models (not just skins), including units from 1934 to 1945. Germany gains one unique sprite for each technology that changes the sprite between 1934 and 1945. The sprites add completely new and different equipment such as an assortment of Wehrmacht helmets, Wehrmacht caps and gear for each unit.","Dies Irae Stars and Stripes adds to the depth of playing USA through World War II. Specially designed events, mechanics and new graphics makes the Hearts of Iron experience even more engrossing. Emphasis on the Sleeping Giant, fighting for the free peoples of the world.","Magicka is a satirical action-adventure game set in a rich fantasy world based on Norse mythology. The player assumes the role of a wizard from a sacred order tasked with stopping an evil sorcerer who has thrown the world into turmoil, his foul creations besieging the forces of good.",Magicka: Vietnam puts you in the boots of a Wizard GI. Destroy enemy positions and escape the perils of the jungle.,The crowned heads of Europe launch a military campaign to conquer the Holy Land. The time has come to assemble your armies and take back the land!,"New Allies introduces the following new content for The King's Crusade: New Units Gascon Knights: These French knights bring both fame and infamy to the province of Gascony. They are great swordsmen, but are also boastful and reckless, and share an undying thirst for good wine.","Welcome to the magical world of the Arabian fables. Many secrets lie buried in these sands but now it is time to rise up. Use the relics of the past to wage ware against the infidel King. Explore our hidden valleys, unearth majestic artifacts, meet cunning sorcerers, recruit efreets and call forth legendary heroes to aid you in your...","Welcome to the Order of the Teutonic Knights, the elite military order of the Crusader army. Bring these elite warriors to battle for the Holy Land, recruit new allies, and follow the Grand Master into the labyrinth of intrigue and power.","The era of Elven Legacy is coming to an end. The relentless wave of demonic magical energy triggered by the death of the demon Farrakh has swept the world and has now reached the free city of Sylent. Powerless, the Masters of the Academy of Magic are being driven insane.","Several months have passed since the return of the Order of Marcus from exile to the continent and their founding of the kingdom of New Tixus in this, the second official Expansion to the epic Fantasy Strategy game Elven Legacy.",First addon for Elven Legacy wargame.,"Carefully guide your nation from the era of absolute monarchies in the early 19th century, through expansion and colonization, to finally become a truly great power by the dawn of the 20th century. Victoria II is a grand strategy game played during the colonial era of the 19th century, where the player takes control of a country, guiding...","Carefully guide your nation from the era of absolute monarchies in the early 19th century, through expansion and colonization, to finally become a truly great power by the dawn of the 20th century. Victoria II is a grand strategy game played during the colonial era of the 19th century, where the player takes control of a country, guiding...","The Interwar Artillery sprite pack adds unique uniforms for armies using artillery divisions in the interwar period between WWI and WWII. From 1919 and forward, twelve countries are able to receive new, unique and historically accurate uniforms.","The Interwar Planes sprite pack adds unique uniforms for armies including airplanes, during the interwar period between WWI and WWII. Twelve different countries will, after 1918, be able to receive new, unique and historically accurate uniforms.","The first expansion to Victoria 2 focuses on American Civil War era and enhances the political and economical aspects of the game. Carefully guide your nation from the era of absolute monarchies in the early 19th century, through expansion and colonization, to finally become a truly great power by the dawn of the 20th century.","Carefully guide your nation from the era of absolute monarchies in the early 19th century, through expansion, colonization and social upheaval, to emerge as one of the great world powers by the dawn of the 20th century in Victoria Complete.","The Enhanced Edition contains Sword of the Stars II: The Lords of Winter and the first expansion, the End of Flesh. The new expansion introduces the new playable race, the Loa. All previous DLCs containing new avatars, new combat music, alternate voices, skins, and new badges for the warships are also included.",Experience piloting and customizing massive armored units called Wanzers while engaging in high-intensity battles driven by a compelling story. The battle begins now!,2 new maps to conquer! Play all classic multiplayer modes on these maps.,Endless swarms of the enemy are invading. Can you and your team hold them off? Multiplayer co-op mode.,Crush the competition with 2 wanzers from the Front Mission franchise - the Stork Mk. IV and Tatou.,Blast your enemies with these 3 additional weapons: Bazooka: Rock Jack Rocket Launcher: Wild Goose Missile Launcher: Goldias,Smash the competition with a wanzer evolved from the Front Mission franchise's past (Wildgoat) and 1 brand-new type (ISV-Prototype).,What would you do if you had the keys to the zoo? World of Zoo is the only life sim game that pushes you past the fences and into a world of your own zoo. Create and customize your zoo experience and develop hands on relationships to earn the trust and love of your animals.,"Winner of 2010′s Make Something Unreal contest, The Haunted: Hells Reach is a fast-paced horror game where your goal is to liberate cursed places and survive the assault of Hell.","Always wanted to see if you can hack the day-to-day life of a TV producer? Here's your chance! MUD TV is your ticket to the weird wild world of television. Once you take control of your own station it's up to you to determine the line-up, hire actors and directors, produce your own shows, series and movies and to grab those lucrative...",Enroll in a School Plagued by Suspicions and Lies!,"Super Laser Racer is an exciting combat racing game set in outer geometric space. Blast your way to the top of the leaderboards using lasers, missiles, bombs and more! 24 exhilarating tracks, 12 racers, 8 challenging tournaments, online multi-player and a track editor.","Conquer the Galaxy like never before! Galcon Fusion is an awesome high-paced multi-player galactic arcade-strategy game. Send swarms of ships to defeat enemy planets and conquer the universe! Beautiful new HD graphics Full-length interactive soundtrack Multi-player, team games, and solo missions Achievements and detailed rankings Variety...","BE THE DRIVER....LIVE THE LIFE Experience the exclusive world of FORMULA ONE™ like never before. Discover what it’s like to sit behind the wheel of the world’s greatest cars as you race wheel to wheel on all 19 circuits from the 2010 FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP™ calendar, beautifully realised and in full HD.","Be fast, be first and be famous as the race returns in GRID 2, the sequel to the BAFTA-award winning, multi-million selling Race Driver: GRID.","The official FORMULA ONE™ game returns with new circuits, split-screen and co-op Championship modes plus all the cars and stars from the 2011 season. Debut ahead of the drivers at India’s Buddh International Circuit, race the iconic Nürburgring circuit for the first time in High Definition and take on Abu Dhabi with a spectacular new day...",Experience the 2003 season of the FIA GT Championship first-hand as you test your skills on all the legendary race tracks the FIA GT.,STCC The Game 2 is a racing game based on the 2010 Swedish Touring Car Championship season as well as the Scandinavian Touring Car Cup which includes the cars and drivers from the Danish Touringcar Championship. The most intense and prestigious motorsport championship in Scandinavia.,As Jeremy Clarkson of Top Gear would say.. MORE POOOOOOWER! The power pack is designed for those of you who can’t get enough horsepower under your right foot. Three high profile exotic GT sportscars ready to hammer around new tracks from both sides of the old iron curtain.,"Many believe racing reached it's pinnacle back when big sideburns and reflective sunglasses were as important to any driver as his crash-helmet, so with this DLC pack we put this to the test with a collection of cars that will hit home with anyone who likes their racing cars loud and charismatic.","Four detailed and authentic 2010 WTCC racing cars with a total of 26 different skins. Eleven highly detailed race tracks, all in 2010 configurations, one of which has never seen before in authentic race gaming. This pack completes your touring car collection.","RACE Injection is the final chapter in the RACE 07 series of games, ending the award winning series on a high note.RACE Injection contains 23 new unique car models and boasts 9 new tracks from across the globe.",The golden age of motor sports has returned. Experience one of the world’s most exciting racing series in GT...,Jump in to intense turret defense action with Sol Survivor! Build turrets to defend your colony and the innocent colonists within. Smash enemies with volleys of actively-controlled orbital support. Play with friends in co-operative and competitive multiplayer matches or test your mettle against our new Survival mode!,"In this game you manage a horse-breeding farm set in a fantasy surrounding. The game enables you to breed legendary horses such as Pegasus, Unicorn, Fire-steed, Ice-steed and Demon-steed. You can buy over 700 objects during the game. Make all kinds of horseshoes as well as lots of magical potions for your horses.","Wings of Prey is based around the large-scale aerial combat and ground military operations of World War II. Players can participate in some of the war’s most famous battles piloting fighters, battle planes and bombers across a range of thrilling missions.","This expansion will feature ten single missions with support for up to four players in co-op mode, two new planes and over 40 aircraft skins. In Wings of Luftwaffe, the player takes the role of a German pilot in explosive battles over Britain, Sicily, the USSR, Belgium and Germany.",Can you reclaim your ancestors’ land? Evil forces have taken over the once fertile land of Fortiana. You are the only one who can storm the castles and claw it back from the hordes of dragons. Experience a new type of strategy and arcade game. Fence off parts of the battlefield to corner your enemies.,Every race is different in Ignite. Each race brings something new as players try to win by using their own tactics.,Try yourself as an air traffic controller and direct planes to safe landing! Can you land airplanes without crashing them? Can you be as good as the real people who run the show when you are flying?,"Fortix 2 is best described as a reverse turret defense game. As Sir Fortix, the knight, you must conquer castles while dodging tower turrets and evil monsters. Fight your way across the shires of the island Artalom, storming from castle to castle.","Click, turn and match four blocks! Enjoy smart and speedy puzzle action!Clickr is a next generation puzzle game developed by Ntreev Soft, the studio behind Pangya &amp;amp; Trickster. The game competed in the 2010 Independent Games Festival and was selected as 'Top 10 Break Out Indie Games of 2010' by DIYGamer.","From the producer of the original Devil May Cry® and Resident Evil® 4 comes the next installment in the hugely successful stylized action series that has so far achieved global sales of nearly seven million units. Devil May Cry® 4 immerses gamers in a gothic supernatural world, where a new protagonist clashes with a familiar hero.","Dark Void™ is a sci-fi action-adventure game that combines an adrenaline-fueled blend of aerial and ground-pounding combat. Set in a parallel universe called &amp;quot;The Void&amp;quot;, players take on the role of Will, a pilot dropped into incredible circumstances within the mysterious Void.","Lost Planet: Extreme Condition Colonies Edition includes everything that made the original Lost Planet a hit on PC, as well as the following new features: New modes for single-player campaign Score Attack - Each enemy and destructible object has points assigned to them, with the player being awarded different points depending on how they ","Rise On! After 20 years, the legendary lost project &amp;quot;Dark Void&amp;quot; is back! To commemorate the game's humble origins, Capcom has commissioned the recreation of the original 8-bit classic, now re-titled &amp;quot;Dark Void Zero&amp;quot;.","The sequel to the million-plus selling Dead Rising, Dead Rising 2 takes the zombie survival horror to Fortune City, America’s latest and greatest entertainment playground. Featuring a new story, two online multiplayer modes (2-player co-op campaign and a 4-player “TV show” themed Pay-Per-View event that pits humans against zombies),...","Lost Planet 2, the sequel to Lost Planet™: Extreme Condition, the landmark third-person shooter that sold over 2.3 million units worldwide, is now available on Steam!",The world’s greatest fighting game evolves to a whole new level with Ultra Street Fighter IV.,"All alternate costumes for Zangief, E.Honda, Rufus, Abel and El Fuerte are included in this pack. Make these characters even more unique with these wild costumes!","All alternate costumes for Chun-Li, C.Viper, Sakura, Rose and Cammy are included in this pack. Make these gorgeous and dangerous femme fatales ultra stunning with these outfits!","All alternate costumes for Balrog, Sagat, Vega, M. Bison and Seth are included in this pack. Don these threads and take down all of your rivals in style!","All alternate costumes for Ryu, Ken, Gouken, Dan and Akuma are included in this pack. Mix things up with your favorite Shotokan characters!","All alternate costumes for Guile, Blanka, Dhalsim, Gen and Fei Long are included in this pack. Show everyone that legends never die, and never go out of fashion!","All alternate costumes for Hakan, Makoto, Guy, Dudley and Dee Jay are included in this pack. Don your ultra rad gear and go to town on the opposition!","All alternate costumes for Juri, Ibuki, Cody, Adon and T.Hawk are included in this pack. Create a new legend with these crazy costumes!","All alternate costumes for Yun, Yang, Evil Ryu, and Oni are included in this pack. Make the newest challengers stand out from the pack with these slick outfits!","Bob has crashed on a strange planet, lost a bunch of parts for his ship and above all, is late for work! Find the lost parts and rebuild your ship along the way to solve challenging, physics-based puzzles. You can build your ship any way you like in the ship builder – try to find the coolest ship-design for the puzzle at hand!","A.I.M. Racing welcomes you to the planet Polygon-4, where deadly vehicles of the distant future compete, swishing planet’s dusty atmosphere at a tremendous pace. Years ago humans along with the Arlings used Polygon-4 for a number of military experiments, but later left the test complex.","NecroVisioN: Lost Company is the prequel to original horror FPS shooter, taking place before the NecroVisioN story begins. It contains a bunch of unique levels, characters, weapons and gameplay elements as well as new main hero that presents the original game story from opposite perspective.","Large-scale battles have become a vestige of the past, depleting resources of conflicting parties. Settled space, where welfare and order had reigned, has become a cemetery for dead ships which is flooded with pirates and adventurists.",Star wolves is a 3D space RPG with deep strategy and tactical elements. The game thrusts players into a world of freelance space hunters in the XXI-XXII century A.D. during a time of political crisis for the all-powerful Empire and the three mega-corporations that control all the known worlds.,"Six years have passed after the events of 2226 A.D. The balance in the galaxy has been restored as transgalactic corporations have been deported to the outskirts of the galaxy and deprived of their power. The Empire, just as before, continues to fight against the Aliens. As a rule armadas of battleships aren't used in such conflicts.","Command a special task force composed of different kinds of units, including tanks, APCs, field guns, mortars, various infantry regiments and will also have an opportunity to call for artillery and air support.","Theatre of War 2: Africa 1943 covers the events of 1943 in Tunisia, North Africa. Recovering from their losses after the crushing defeat and subsequent retreat after the Second Battle of El-Alamein, the German Afrika Korps - reinforced and now supported by the Italian Army - prepare once more to put steel against steel with the Allies.",This expansion pack is dedicated to the 131st Armored Division Centauro and the battles it took part in North Africa starting from December 1942 till mid-May 1943.,"Real Warfare: 1242, is a realistic real-time strategy game based on authentic historic events.","Theatre of War 2: Kursk 1943, the historically accurate and detailed real-time tactical war game, welcomes military history fans to the battle which gave the Red Army the strategic initiative for the rest of the war.","Theatre of War 2: Battle for Caen is an expansion pack for the critically acclaimed Theatre of War 2: Kursk 1943, an historical real-time tactical wargame. In Battle for Caen, players will control units of the British 11th Armored Division during Operation Epsom and Goodwood which took place from June 26 to July 19, 1944.",Players will step into the shoes of a young man in the year 2014 as he arrives in California to pursue his dreams of road domination and capture the Californian cargo transportation market. There are miles of highways to conquer and cities and towns to reach as he becomes the greatest trucker on the highways.,"Reign: Conflict of Nations allows players to have a well thought-out and historically accurate system of building and assigning labor forces in cities, a large selection of scenario-based and random missions, an expansive and realistic technology tree, more than 150 types of military units and elaborated graphics and animations which brin","Hack ‘n slash your way through this science-fiction-themed action/RPG. In the futuristic universe of GREED, the discovery of new interstellar travel possibilities has led to a new age of colonialization. The five largest colonial powers are entangled in a full-scale war over a new element called Ikarium, the recently discovered rare...","In a world of wizardry, wonder and untold mystery, you must undertake some of the most diverse quests to hone your skills in spell casting, weaponry and melee combat. Your martial skills are soon put to the test as demonic monsters descend upon Avencast, turning the academy into a state of chaos and destruction.","Battle it out on the proving grounds and get ready for Future Wars. Similar to classic titles such as Advance Wars and Battle Isle, the game takes strategy gaming away from the micro-management overkill that it has become and using simple, proven rock-paper-scissors principles, reopens the genre to everyone.",Grotesque Tactics is a highly addictive tactical RPG combining elements of popular Western and Asian console RPGs.,Still Life 2 also now available!,"Who is hiding behind Mr. X? Still Life 2 reveals the long-awaited ending of Still Life and spells a new investigation for Agent Victoria McPherson. In Fall 2008, Victoria is sent to Maine where Ellen Dunnigan's body has just been found.",Join Kate Walker as she travels to remote locations and time periods in this timeless voyage to discover her true destiny.,"Having searched Eastern and Western Europe for a missing heir, Kate Walker finally completed her long and arduous journey, obtaining the signature of Hans Voralberg and closing the automaton factory buyout. Mission accomplished?","Wasteland Angel is a throw-back to the era of vintage arcade shooters, where players fend off waves of enemies and ultimately face-off against epic end-level bosses.",You and up to three friends fight to survive the Zombie outbreak in this game inspired by early '80s horror films!,"After returning to the quiet streets of Paris to pursue a life of painting, Gus Macpherson could not escape his true art…","Roam the dense foliage of Sherwood, come face to face with royal trouble and battle against Prince John’s forces as you take on the role of legendary nobleman, Robin Hood.","In this successor to the celebrated RPG-parody Grotesque Tactics, you will experience an ironic story-driven RPG with humorous dialogue-puzzles in the style of Monkey Island.","Take control of a virtual organism in this unique indie arcade title, while unlocking Steam Achievements and climbing the leaderboards!",Battle of the civil war ironclads. Take part in battles from USS Monitor vs CSS Virginia before battles between armored squadrons of steamships and other vessels. The flow of time is organized into rounds.,"For over a year the forces of the United States of America (Northern States) and the Confederates States of America (Southern States) have fought a bitter war. In 1862 the governments of Great Britain, France and Spain recognize the Southern States to secure raw materials. The Souths economy becomes dependent on trade with Europe.","DIMENSITY is an immersive, intensely paced role-playing / action game in a unique 3D fantasy setting. Adventure through hostile lands and fight numerous enemies in a world torn by war. Be part of plots defending the crown, fighting for the freedom of your people or taking side paths discovering treasures and facing ancient fearsome foes.",Hazen is an episodic Action/RPG The first episode is named &quot;The Dark Whispers&quot; and will bring some freshness in the world of Hack'n Slash Games. Every single episode will be a &quot;Stand alone&quot; game with enough game-play and high re-play value.,"World Basketball Manager (WBM) is a basketball strategy game. It uses the same game-play principles as most soccer management games do. Entering the game, the player creates his manager profile and he is hired as the general manager of a basketball club and his task is to improve the team’s performance by analyzing the facts and making...","Travel to the old train station and hotel, abandoned since 1947, following the 'disappearances'. Unravel the mystery that binds this place, by communicating with the ghosts of the long since dead, both in your time and theirs.","The Danish government wanted to annex the duchy of Schleswig to the Danish kingdom while the Prussian government, for internal political and strategic reasons, wanted Schleswig to finally became a part of Germany.",What if Germany won the Battle of Britain? What if Moscow fell in 1942?You’re in charge. Anything can happen and history will never repeat itself in this classic WWII grand strategy game MAKING HISTORY II: The War of the World. Are you ready to battle for global dominance?,"Guide one of 12 races on their first interstellar journey from a single planet, until it becomes a mighty pan-galactic empire.","Russia sought to seize control of Constantinople. The city controlled the Black Sea straits, an important economic and strategic point of the Black and Mediterranean Sea. This area was the cause of constant conflict with Britain, which was concerned about her Mediterranean interests.","Spain tried to restore by force its influence on its former colonies, Chile and Peru. This strong Spanish squadron occupied the Chincha Islands, very important to the economy of Peru. Peru received support from neighboring Chile, Ecuador and Bolivia.","Help Smilin Jack O'Hurlihan, Esmeralda, and Dr. Theopolis defeat Gruesome George, an army of undead, giant monsters, and the mysterious Red Widow! Featuring nail-biting boss battles, swashbuckling adventure, and a horde of undead buccaneers, Zombie Pirates will send a shiver right down to yer timbers!",The ancient kingdom is in trouble! The magic of the four elements that kept it running for centuries has been corrupted by evil powers and the altars no longer yield the energy of life. It is up to you to unlock the 4 ancient books of magic and collect 16 mysterious cards that will help you restore the kingdom to life.,"A luxury cruise ship crashes on an uncharted island in the Pacific Ocean. The survivors of the shipwreck are very different from one another and decide to set up their own camps all over the island. Your goal is to find the pieces to a lost radio, and hoist it on the top of the volcano located in the center of the main island.","Guide your hero to win the hand of his love by becoming the King of an island paradise. This sequel to the hit simulation game expands on everything you loved and adds a ton of new features. Expand your village by building, exploring and solving a variety of fun mini-games including Match-3, Hidden Object scenes, Gardening and more.","If the Book of Legends should ever fall into the wrong hands, the consequences could be devastating. Follow Zoe and Charleston Black as they follow the clues found in the long forgotten Book of Legends…clues that lead them on a hunt for one of the world’s most mysterious legends of all, Excalibur! Is it real?","Set 10 years after the original, Stronghold 3: Gold follows the vengeful story of The Wolf in the third installment of the award-winning castle building series. The Wolf has cheated death become even more bitter and twisted. Build castles, rally your troops and save medieval England!","Live the life of a medieval lord online in Stronghold Kingdoms, the world’s first Castle MMO. Farm peacefully, engage in political mind games or lay siege to sworn enemies.","The Burtons have just moved into their beautiful new dream home, which unfortunately for them, happens to be haunted. As they prepare to pack up and leave, they are suddenly greeted by the peculiar Milton Hobblepop, self described paranormal investigator.","After receiving an anonymous package containing a strange book, Miranda finds herself inadvertatly drawn into the fantastic world of The Otherside. With the guidance of the mischevious Jovie, a possessed teddy bear, she must travel back and forth between worlds and help to unravel the mystery of a brother and sister torn apart.",Escape to a puzzle game fantasy world with amazing creatures and weapons! Addicting gameplay blends with immersive roleplaying in this sequel to the award-winning Puzzle Quest!,Join the Mishap gang to help Milton Hobblepop infiltrate the shadowy estate filled with mysteries and loads of fun &amp; engaging mini-games.,"Behold disciples of Nod, for the end is soon upon us. Electronic Arts’ award-winning and best-selling Tiberium saga is coming to a powerful conclusion with Command &amp;amp; Conquer 4, which will introduce a multitude of innovations to the classic fast and fluid Command &amp;amp; Conquer gameplay, while retaining the core compulsions that fans...","From the Makers of the Best RPG of 2009, Dragon Age&amp;trade;: Origins, comes the first official expansion pack. For centuries, the Grey Wardens—the ancient order of guardians, sworn to unite and defend the lands—have been battling the darkspawn forces.",THE NIGHTMARE RETURNS.,This is a new war. There is a new warrior. He is Tier 1.,"Wage war with five factions, each with unique abilities, in the original game of strategy and world domination!","Dragon Age: Origins - Ultimate Edition includes Dragon Age: Origins, Dragon Age: Origins - Awakening and all nine content packs.",Become Seacrest County's top cop or most wanted racer!,Battlefield Bad Company 2: Vietnam is available. Start playing now!,New content for The Sims 3 is now available!,"Take your Sims on the adventure of their lives with The Sims 3 World Adventures. Guide your Sims to acclaimed fortune—or potential doom. Take your Sims to exotic destinations to hunt for hidden treasures. Uncover new skills, experience new personality traits and garner rewards, if your Sims succeed.","Product description: Widen your Sim’s horizons with a bunch of killer new career opportunities. With The Sims™ 3 Ambitions, decide whether your Sim will be the brave town hero or cause loads of mischief among their neighbors.","Get your Sims an all-access pass to the hottest spots in town. Whether they mingle with celebrities or enjoy a casual night with friends, your Sims’ social lives are getting a boost! But keep in mind that some scenes are more exclusive than others, so make sure your Sims have the right connections to get past the bouncers at the hottest...","Transform your Sims’ homes into sleek, edgy lofts with The Sims 3 High-End Loft Stuff. With a host of new items for the most lived-in rooms in your Sims’ homes, including slick gadgets for your high-tech home office, a next-gen gaming system for the killer game room, modern furniture for the most contemporary living room, and more, your...","Shift gears and take your Sims for a spin with The Sims 3 Fast Lane Stuff. For the first time ever in a stuff pack, your Sims can get new cars along with furnishings, décor, and apparel in four distinct vehicle-themed lifestyles. Will your Sims embody the speed demon way of life? Or cruise in classic luxury automobiles with the top down?","For the first time ever, your Sims can get the best in outdoor luxury for their homes. Whether they’re decorating the perfect patio, setting the mood with a cool new hot tub, or firing up a state-of-the-art grill for the ultimate BBQ, your Sims’ outdoor decor is getting a boost.","Experience the complicated realities of adult life, then reap the benefits of growing up in each life stage.",The Sims 3 Town Life Stuff introduces venues complete with dozens of new objects to give your Sims’ town and homes a makeover.,Bring the true driver’s experience to life with all the intensity and exhilaration of being behind the wheel!,"Create perfect—or imperfect—pets for your Sims, from fierce guard dogs to destructive kittens to trusty horses and more as you determine not only how your Sims’ pets look but their personality traits as well.","Home is where the heart is! Whether your Sims relax in a bubble bath in their luxurious bathroom, enjoy some down time in their exquisitely furnished bedroom, or wear new intimate apparel for their special someone, The Sims 3 Master Suite Stuff adds some sizzle to their home life!","Venture into the new world of Starlight Shores and play out a rags-to-riches story with your Sims as they become superstar singers, acrobats, and magicians, or even moonlight as a DJ. Watch your Sims rise to fame—or go down in flames as they perform on stage in front of cheering crowds in all new venues.","Uncertain of his sister's fate, a boy enters LIMBO",Step behind the periscope of a German U-boat and take on the Allied Forces in famous battles across the vast Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea. The best-selling submarine series of all time continues with the highly anticipated Silent Hunter: Battle of the Atlantic.,"The Two Kings includes co-op mode, a new 2-player map, new AI Player, new Event Location (Throne of the Kings) and 3 new Victory Points. Key Features: A new 2-player map: Forest Realm - Located in a wide open mountain valley marked by thick forests and very spacious meadows. Two kings face each other on opposing sides of the valley.","Roll the dice in a mystical world filled with exploration, puzzle-solving, and adventure! Mixing action based and puzzle mechanics in a 3D world, Voodoo Dice is an innovative, challenging puzzler that plays with your mind to lead you to solve puzzles in unique and interesting ways.","Heroes VI is a fast-paced epic story where Angels plot to end -- once and for all -- an unfinished war with their ancient rivals, the Faceless.","The Pirate Council hired the legendary pirate, Crag Hack, to find out what happened to several ships that disappeared in the Savage Sea during a sudden and mysterious storm.","Years before the events of Heroes VI, the Wizard Sandro was expelled from the ranks of the Spider Cult and banished from the Seven Cities, his staff of power confiscated. For decades, his fate remained a mystery. In the aftermath of Heroes VI, the Great Lich returns with a vengeance.","Build your society of the future, colonize islands, and create sprawling megacities with multitudes of buildings, vehicles, and resources to manage.","In a land torn asunder by incessant warfare, it is time to assemble your own band of hardened warriors and enter the fray. Lead your men into battle, expand your realm, and claim the ultimate prize: the throne of Calradia!",Napoleonic Wars is a multiplayer DLC expansion pack for Mount &amp;amp; Blade: Warband featuring the final years of the French Empire’s struggle to remain the dominant power of Western Europe in the early 19th century.,The latest standalone expansion for Mount &amp;amp; Blade!,"VSTEP and Paradox are proud to announce the next installment of the acclaimed Ship Simulator series. With over 550K copies sold, the series returns to take you into the most extreme conditions on earth… Ever wonder how it feels to sail a half-million-ton supertanker through the perfect storm?","Roam the oceans and sail into famous ports worldwide with the Fishing Trawler vessel ""Sigita"" and take on no less than six specially created bonus missions for this vessel, adding to the simulation fun. Includes 6 New scenarios: Business as (un)Usual: Take the Sigita to respond to a distress call from a nearby yacht in trouble.","Experience the responsibility of a ferry captain as you take the rudder of different ferry types on some of the most popular routes in the world in this add-on pack for Ship Simulator Extremes. Whether it carries cars &amp; cargo in its belly across the channel or is used as a municipal public transportation service, going on the ferry is...","Take the helm of the vast general cargo freighter with the catchy name “Winner” as you embark on different missions hauling cargo between some of the biggest ports in the world. Cargo vessels are the mammoths of the seas, carrying millions of dollars in goods across the oceans.","The fast offshore supply &amp; utility vessel “Deniz Doga” is a one of a kind vessel combining speed and agility with real working power. Take its helm and embark on missions supplying offshore platforms, investigating and marking specific diving areas and even using its rescue capability to tackle emergency situations.","A floating city is the perfect way to describe the beautiful and vast cruise vessel “MS Oceana”. Sailing the oceans, visiting idyllic locations and catering to every need – however small it may be - of its thousands of passengers 24/7 is the objective of the MS Oceana’s crew.",Saira is a puzzle platformer with non-linear gameplay and a whole universe for you to explore. The game is heavily influenced by classic puzzle adventure games and uses a new unique graphical style combining high resolution photography into a lush and mysterious world.,Turn-based strategy at its finest.,"When Quinn's new travel business hits a snag, she needs Flo's patented elbow grease to help renovate and run hotels all over DinerTown&amp;trade;! As Flo, you will deliver guest's luggage, drop off room service and provide extra towels, blankets and anything else they may need to stay happy and leave big tips!","Combining elements from both trading and strategy games, Commander: Conquest of the Americas will appeal to a wide range of players. Players take charge of one of the many European powers aiming to conquer the New World.","3 new ships: Cog (trade ship) Lugger (trade ship) Naval Snow (war ship) 3 new resources, with new production chains &amp;amp; buildings: Wheat - Production chain: Wheat -&amp;gt; Flour -&amp;gt; Bread - Buildings: Mill, Bakery Fur -Production chain: Fur -&amp;gt; Fur clothing - Buildings: Furrier Wood - Production chain: Wood -&amp;gt; Lumber -&amp;gt; Furniture","Pirate Treasure Chest introduces the notorious pirate island and stronghold of Tortuga. From Tortuga, players can procure an array of pirate treasures, maps and weapons. Tortuga also offers pirate ships for hire and the ability to purchase vessels pirates have commandeered from other nations.","Meet Woody Two-Legs, the least infamous pirate of Seven Seas. Things have never gone quite right for Woody. That is, until he scored big time and got his hands on huge treasure. Sailing to remote island, Woody was about to bury his treasure, just as any good pirate would do.","Set in the golden age of pirates, this is your chance to become pirate king and conquer the Caribbean. Join, champion, and unite the three pirate factions: Pirates, Corsairs and Buccaneers. You must ultimately leverage this unity in all out war against the evil Pirates of Black Cove.",Pirates of Black Cove: “Origins” takes place in the days before the Black Cove faction was founded. Assume the role of the legendary Captain Grog - the pirate who grew tired of losing the most valuable treasure ships to the united pirate clans.,Magic the Gathering: Duels of the Planeswalkers: Gold - Deck Bundle contains 17 Deck Unlocks and 17 Foil Conversions! 17 Deck Unlocks Claws of Vengeance Deck Unlock Cries of Rage Deck Unlock Ears of the Elves Deck Unlock Eons of Evil Deck Unlock Eyes of Shadow Deck Unlock Hands of Flame Deck Unlock Heart of the Worlds Deck Unlock Heat of...,Deck Pack 2 Now Available!,"You can become the Archenemy for the first time in the Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012 Expansion, taking on three rival Planeswalkers at once. Plus, enjoy three new playable decks, four new unlockable cards for each of the ten original decks, four new puzzling challenges, new cards from Innistrad, and seventeen new single-player campaign...","As one of the most powerful beings in the Multiverse, you’re always seeking new magic to expand your mastery and defeat your foes. This Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012 deck pack includes two brand-new decks for Campaign and Multiplayer play.","As one of the most powerful beings in the Multiverse, you’re always seeking new magic to expand your mastery and defeat your foes. This Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012 deck pack includes two brand-new decks for Campaign and Multiplayer play.","As one of the most powerful beings in the Multiverse, you're always seeking new magic to expand your mastery and defeat your foes. This Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012 deck pack includes two brand-new decks for Campaign and Multiplayer play.","Fully-unlocked “Ghoulkeeper” black deck. The power of undeath is yours to command with this gruesome collection of necromantic spells. One Zombie itself is a terrifying sight, but you’ll be attacking with many more than that.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the “Ghoulkeeper” black deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. (Requires the most recent version of Magic 2012 and Magic 2012 Deck Pack 1.",Fully-unlocked “Dark Heavens” white and black deck. The protective elegance of Angels and the destructive furor of Demons combine to make up this powerful deck. Its true power lies in its ability to dominate the skies with some of the most powerful flying creatures Duels of the Planeswalkers has ever seen.,"Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the “Dark Heavens” white and black deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. (Requires the most recent version of Magic 2012 and Magic 2012 Deck Pack 2.","Fully-unlocked “Forest’s Fury” green deck. Call upon nature’s mightiest guardians, the towering Treefolk, to crush your enemies underfoot. The sprawling forest provides abundant mana to summon massive creatures. Against most other decks, these creatures will already be larger and more powerful.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the “Forest’s Fury” green deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. (Requires the most recent version of Magic 2012 and Magic 2012 Deck Pack 2.","Fully-unlocked “Beknighted” white deck. For centuries, success on the field of battle has come down to bravery, valor, and honor. The Knights found in this deck possess all three in abundance, and their martial superiority is enough to win any duel.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the “Beknighted” white deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. (Requires the most recent version of Magic 2012 and Magic 2012 Deck Pack 3.","Fully-unlocked “Trinity of Elements” blue, red, and green deck. Your opponents will never know what to expect from this versatile deck. Many of your creatures have haste, accelerating your assault. Your “bounce” spells mean your opponents will be busy recasting their spells while Riku of Two Reflections means you get double value from...","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the “Trinity of Elements” blue, red, and green deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. (Requires the most recent version of Magic 2012 and Magic 2012 Deck Pack 3.",Experience your music collection like never before with this intense music driven arcade shooter. Each of your songs will have its own unique ebb and flow based on the music.,"With this download you can play non-DRM iTunes, mp4 and AAC files in Beat Hazard! The cost is to cover the per copy license fee needed for the patented AAC decoder.","Beat Hazard Ultra DLC adds awesome new features to Beat Hazard, taking the game to the next level. More games mode, enemies and bosses. Play online Head to Head or Co-op. Unlock and upgrade perks and customize your set-up to suit your play style.",Flight of the Icarus is a game where you play as a privateer who owns an airship that helps ferry goods from town to town in a post-apocalyptic world where the skies are dominated by pirates and danger. Shoot down enemy aeroplanes with a variety of deadly weaponry. Keep the ship from falling out the sky.,"Take control of five cute, mystical creatures of miniature proportions called CreaVures. CreaVures always travel in pairs, and they must use their special abilities to help each other solve interesting platforming puzzles.","Plain Sight is a multiplayer arcade game about suicidal ninja robots. Fly through space, leap over planetoids and destroy opponents with your trusty katana. Killing fellow robots lets you steal their tasty, tasty energy. Packed with spinach-like goodness; energy makes you bigger, stronger, faster and generally more awesome.",Nimbus is a unique combination of racing &amp; puzzling. The player controls a craft with no means of directly propelling itself and needs to use whatever is scattered around the levels to acquire thrust and reach the goal. Traverse a world map with several distinct islands in order to recover your lost love.,"Welcome to the char-grilled world of Burn Zombie Burn, where the best type of undead is barbequed undead. The goals are simple: keep Bruce alive, as he tries to keep Daisy alive, and get the highest score possible. Standing (well, ambling) in your way is a never ending horde of the rotting, stinking and stupid undead.",8 Original background music tracks featured in Burn Zombie Burn written by Ian Livingstone.,"Deceived by the forces of evil into prematurely bringing about the end of the world, War – the first Horseman of the Apocalypse – stands accused of breaking the sacred law by inciting a war between Heaven and Hell. In the slaughter that ensued, the demonic forces defeated the heavenly hosts and laid claim to the Earth.",Something incredible is happening in this unique adventure! Max just drew a terrifying monster with his new marker and now it's alive and wreaking havoc in his drawings! He doesn't have any choice but to stop the monster if he wants to save his pictures.,"While on a well deserved vacation, Professor Fizzwizzle's investigation of a strange volcano has landed him in a Molten Mystery! Now it's up to you to master exciting new gadgets, outwit the Bat-Bots, and vanquish a truly cunning villain! Can the professor count on you to help?",Big Fish Games Studios takes you on an Adventure into the stunning world of the Amazon with the Hidden Expedition team in search of a missing professor. A tattered map referencing the legendary Beetle Temple is your only clue as you begin your adventure deep into the Amazon Rain forest.,"Fresh from a successful exploration of the wreck of the Titanic, the Hidden Expedition Club will pit one of its stellar members against a formidable group of opponents in a race to the summit of Everest. Other groups will battle you to be the first to summit Mount Everest. Expert Everest climber Ed Viesturs will assist you along the way.","On April 14, 1912, the great steamship RMS Titanic struck an iceberg and within hours it sank to the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean. As part of the Hidden Expedition Adventure League, it`s your job to explore the wreckage of this once-majestic ship and collect antique artifacts for the Titanic Museum.","Call in sick and unplug the phone! The third installment of the award-winning Mahjong series lets you choose from three different play modes, create tile sets and backdrops, make layouts to share, and chat with players using in-game messaging. The enthralling fun of Mahjong is something that everyone in the family can enjoy!","Do you have a keen eye for detail? See if you can locate enough hidden clues to solve the crimes and become a Master Detective. Mystery Case Files: Huntsville™ provides players with a collection of intriguing mysteries and brain-teasers to solve. There are picture puzzles to ponder, strange crime scenes to explore, and much, much, more!","Madame Fate™, a mysterious fortune teller, has foreseen her own demise at midnight this very day. She has asked for your help in investigating each quirky carnival worker to determine their whereabouts at midnight.","The Queen's Hope Diamond has been stolen! It's up to you to search for clues throughout 22 levels, find the offending culprit, and recover the stolen gem. Expand your investigations through the game's 29 unique locations by finding items that will unlock subsequent levels.","Rumors surrounding the history of stately Ravenhearst Manor have circulated for decades. The recently acquired diary of Emma Ravenhearst may hold the key to unraveling the tale behind this unsettling place, yet the pages are missing.","Emma`s soul is free. But her ghost has delivered a dire warning: evil still lurks in Ravenhearst Manor. Big Fish Games Studios takes you deep inside the cursed estate in Mystery Case Files: Return to Ravenhearst™, the thrilling sequel.","Create a prosperous island paradise for your industrious, intelligent tribe with this real-time Brain Teaser! Your tribe will have a mind of its own, learning skills and starting families even when you`re not around, but check back often to keep your island idyllic.","The doctor is in, with this madcap Match 3 game! Poor Mel has every ailment in the book, and you`re the only one who can cure him. Use your scanner to figure out what’s got him this time, whether it`s too much junk food, or some zany virus, and get to work.","This frenetic marble-popping adventure puts you in charge of how fast each level will end. Knock out doomsday devices on each of the 100 levels in the game by matching marble colors in sets of three. To finish off the device and move on to the next round, simply destroy the cleverly-placed static orbs that continually allow additional...","Enter the world of Drawn, and unravel the secrets of the Painted Tower. Overcome challenging puzzles on your quest to save Iris. A curse has locked each floor of the tower, and only the most creative adventurer can find a way through.","Tactical Intervention is a Free to Play tactical FPS with unique mechanics. Drive, bomb, rappel and shoot your way through eleven high octane levels.Command attack dogs, deploy breaching charges, perform drive-bys and control hostage situations!","Lead your orbital battleships to victory in Flotilla! Fight, trade, and explore new planets in your journey through the galaxy. Discover upgrades and artifacts to install on your fleet ships, and engage in battle with bounty hunters and pirate space-chickens.","Air Forte is a high-altitude game of math, vocabulary, and geography. Compete with friends or fly solo in the various arenas. Good luck, pilot! Key features: Play with friends: Up to four people can play Air Forte together. Find out who's the best pilot!","Take command of your mercenary forces in Atom Zombie Smasher. The zombie apocalypse is upon us and it's up to you to evacuate everyone before they fall prey to the undead.Conduct massive rescue operations with a helping hand from snipers, artillery crews, orbital bombardments, and more.","The Rock Map Pack is Now Available! Join the Resistance, stand united and fight for freedom against an overwhelming military force.",Think fast and hang on to your ride as you take independent control of the rider and take the ultimate test of mettle. Dual controls let you tear it up with death-defying tricks and high-flying freestyle action. Fight for traction and dig up the track to leave your mark.,The Brilliant Comrade wishes to spread enlightenment to all with new Homefront content. The Fire Sale Map Pack includes two all new multiplayer maps. Big Box – This temple of Western decadence becomes a battleground when the glorious Korean People’s Army fights the U.S. military among its empty shelves and display cases.,"Fall in soldier! Command has issued orders to capture two all new Homefront® Multiplayer maps - Alcatraz and Bridge, as well as new areas to dominate the enemy in Team Deathmatch. We’re going to take back San Francisco, one piece at a time:Alcatraz - America’s most infamous prison becomes the site of fierce close-quarters fighting.",Unlock the Express 870 shotgun in the Homefront Armory! This devastating pump-action boomstick is the perfect weapon for clearing rooms and covering tight corners!,Includes 4 unique ability and wargear items to equip your squad with.VENOMOUS TALONS: Attacks upon the enemy now have a guaranteed chance to stun and poison them for a short duration. POISONOUS CYSTS: After taking a fixed amount of melee damage your Swarmlord will now spray a poison cloud that damages your enemies.,"Dawn of War II, Last Stand is a three player cooperative survival mode that is also available as a stand-alone game! You select a single hero and face off against waves of enemies with up to two other teammates.",Fly with Nyx across the ruins of the ancient Greece in her dangerous search for her dearest friend Icarus. Use the powers of Zeus and the Gods from Olympus and use them wisely in order to help Nyx to complete her epic adventure.,Find solutions to 100 unique puzzles and experience the satisfaction of &amp;quot;Aha&amp;quot; moments!,"Amnesia: The Dark Descent, a first person survival horror. A game about immersion, discovery and living through a nightmare. An experience that will chill you to the core.","Tropico 3: Absolute Power is the first official expansion pack to the critically acclaimed Tropico 3 and provides all-new options as ruler of a small Caribbean island nation. It adds a new campaign, new missions, new island types, unique buildings and new powers to maximize the length and success of your term in power.","You are a merchant in northern Europe in the late Middle Ages when the Hanseatic League was flourishing. Your goal is to rise to the most successful and influential member of the Hanse, ultimately being elected Elderman, leader of the trading league.","One of the all-time classic adventures, multi BAFTA-nominated &amp;quot;Broken Sword: Director's Cut&amp;quot; pitches sassy journalist Nico Collard, and intrepid American George Stobbart into a mysterious journey of intrigue and jeopardy.",Assume the role of a mighty (and mighty evil) Dungeon Lord and create your own diabolical demesnes underground. 10 different classes of heroes dare to enter your dungeon where 15 different monsters lurk in the dark.,"The first DLC pack for the critically acclaimed evildoer game Dungeons delivers new challenges for wannabe dungeon lords. Heart Into the Dark is the new campaign map Flowerdale, in which players have to deal with with ever new waves of heroes.",The second DLC pack for the critically acclaimed evildoer game Dungeons delivers 50 new maps and 5 new wallpapers.,Uncover the mysteries behind the Templar Order! Steam Exclusive Edition includes bonus mission “The Arena”.,"The world is changing and Tropico is moving with the times - geographical powers rise and fall and the world market is dominated by new players with new demands and offers - and you, as El Presidente, face a whole new set of challenges.",Get into the plantation business!,"Time to get military! Secure your rule of Tropico with the new bunker, the &amp;quot;Veteran&amp;quot; character trait for a more battle-hardened military leader and an appropriate dress uniform. Decorate the island with the new guard booths, oberservation tower, ammunitions depot, barricades and a tank!","New mission, traits, and items for Tropico 4.",As the mysterious and powerful &amp;quot;Guardian of Earth&amp;quot; your steely eye and HYPER-POWERED LASER ARM have kept the citizens of Earth safe for generations.,"Patrician IV - Rise of a Dynasty brings a comprehensive package of improvements and new features to the best-selling Patrician IV including online multiplayer and new scenarios. Finally, you are able to operate your business in cooperative multiplayer mode with up to three friends helping out.",A contemporary remake of the much-loved series of turn-based mercenary-themed strategy games.,"Invent almost anything out of everything you find, from catapults to incredible flying machines.","A comedic 2D point and click adventure, featuring a crazy cast of poxy pirate pooches.",Sneak and smash your way through this fiendishly addictive comedy-puzzle-adventure,Turba provides a gameplay experience unlike any you have encountered before. Load in music from your PC and combo blocks to your favorite tunes in this unique new twist on the “match-3” style game! The blocks on the game board generate and move to the beat of the song you choose.,"Inspired by the Warhammer Fantasy world, Blood Bowl is an ultra-violent combination of strategy and sports games. The Legendary Edition features 20 playable races, including 11 that are totally new, each offering its own game style! Make a competitive team, train it and buy the best equipment.",Immerse yourself into the battles and intrigues between the Houses that shaped the Kingdom of Westeros and keep your spot on the Iron Throne by any means.,"Runaway: A Twist of Fate is the adventure game of the year! Featuring a production worthy of a big 2D animated movie, Runaway follows a story full of twists and turns, and packed with comical highlights. All in all, you will be confronted with more than 200 mysteries and puzzles to keep your brain running through a big adventure that you...","The Next Big Thing is a great adventure game in high definition, loaded with laughs, tributes, mysteries and wacky puzzles!",The New Fatal Error DLC includes a new 5-mission Operation and touch-screen controls.,"&quot;Fatal Error&quot;, the 4th free DLC for Wargame: European Escalation, brings you a brand new 5-mission long Operation, as well as a new and finely tuned multi-touch gameplay for owners of Ultrabook™ with touch¹ display. Inspired by Intel®! This DLC focuses on solo play, adding a brand new fifth operation to Wargame's existing four.","&quot;New Battlefields&quot; for Wargame: European Escalation brings new, free content to all Commanders! Willing to test your Clan's newest tactics? Or to just have some quick fun with friends without pressure? Team up with other players and jump into the action against a computer controlled opponent!","‘’CONQUEST’’ for Wargame: European Escalation brings brand new exciting content to extend the conflict. Defy commanders worldwide in the brand new multiplayer mode: CONQUEST. To be victorious in this mode, in addition to the classic Command Points, you will have to control Victory Sectors (VS) located on the map, until the victory...","COMMANDER DLC for Wargame: European Escalation extends the conflict with brand new content. Wargame’s DLC features ""Economy"", a new game mode available in both multiplayer and AI matches with new objectives for commanders worldwide.",Enjoy classic marble-shooting action in an all-new Luxor adventure!,"The evil Dr. Urchin has kidnapped Coralline! It’s up to Glowfish to free his lady friend and sea pals everywhere from his clutches in this underwater platform adventure. Beware—while you scour the ocean floor in search of lost friends waiting for rescue, a host of enemies is lurking!","Earth is under siege! A mysterious and powerful alien race has come to enslave the entire galaxy, and your fleet is humanity's last hope. You must put an end to the attacks and rebuild a home for the survivors.",Power Of Defense provides a new strategy and defense mix game experience. Defend your world from upcoming evil and oil-smelling robots. They come from the platform between both parallel universes you have to fight on by producing own robots to send them back to their native world.,"Nine deities. Nine heroes. And only one champion. Mythical Greece. The land of gods, poets, heroes, but also of terrible monsters and creatures. Numen is a fully three-dimensional action RPG set in mythical Greece.","Discover a new way to match blocks in this otherworldly, Zen-like, relaxing puzzle experience. Lucid is the world's first Match-All puzzle game, in which you clear areas by combining all the blocks of an area. Enjoy the stunning visuals and relaxing sound effects as you make combos and hunt for the next perfect area to clear.","Push, Combo, and Chain your way through a pulsing technicolor dreamscape all the while expanding your consciousness at 130 BPM.","Welcome to Age of Wonders, the authentic turn based fantasy strategy classic that started the hit series. Age of Wonders’ intimate atmosphere with painterly graphics still shines today. The game’s fully patched up, start building your fantasy empire today! The Age of Wonders, once a time of magic and peace.","Age of Wonders II is the wildly anticipated sequel to the award-winning strategy phenomenon. Delivering an invigorating mix of Empire Building, Role-playing, and Warfare, Age of Wonders II brings s turn-based strategy to new heights.","Age of Wonders: Shadow Magic is the third entry in the award winning fantasy strategy series. This fan-favorite enhances the series' praised fusion of empire building, role-playing and tactical combat with the eerie Shadow World and battle with races never before seen, across new and diverse landscapes.","Wrap your way to bliss in Zen Bound 2, the unique down-tempo indie game! This is a different gaming experience: an opportunity to slow down, zone out and focus on a task that’s challenging but not stressful, a set of gentle puzzles for the mind and fingers to solve.","Scattered across five different regions, five special heroes must travel their own dangerous paths to grow in strength, unravel a demonic plot &amp; ultimately save the world from chaos.","Embody the four powerful bosses - Azexez, Count Carlyle, Ludmilla, and Azh-Rafir - in Quick Battle, online or offline Multiplayer modes. Master their four new spells: Azexez's Demon Portal, Ludmilla's Spider Swarm, Count Carlyle's Bile Blast and Azh-Rafir's Palm Blast!","Using Critter Crunch's 'Food Chain' mechanic, players will eat their way through a smorgasbord of levels and gorge on a feast of modes, including Co-op and Versus multiplayer.",Control a never-ending stream of aircraft in this insanely addictive worldwide hit from Firemint! You’re an air traffic controller at an increasingly busy airport; just point and drag aircraft to their landing zones with your mouse or trackpad. Sounds easy? It isn’t!,"A Zoë Mode production for the video game charity initiative OneBigGame, Chime pits gamers against the melody in an all-new puzzle experience. Place blocks against the clock, complete solid quads and try to cover the whole playing surface, all the while remixing and embellishing pieces by musicians from across the planet.","Dynamite Roll! adds in 9 New Maps, New Items, and 11 New Steam Achievements!","HOARD: Dynamite Roll! DLC pack is full of new and exciting content that any self-respecting dragon should own! Hours of new treasure-hoarding joy are included: 9 new maps, including more co-op maps: Team up to break through the arcane defenses of Artillery and keep enemies at bay in Rampart!","HOARD: Flame-Broiled SANDwich takes the treasure gathering action to the mystical sands of the desert continent! Buildings, units, and terrain have been painstakingly remodeled to spotlight the colorful garb and inspired architecture of the desert kingdoms.","When a series of gruesome murders shake a small town after a strange aristocrat dies and his body goes missing, rumors of a supernatural monster abound. In life Sir William was known to be a cruel and evil man, rumored to be the murderer behind many unsolved crimes.","Monday Night Combat is a class-based, third-person shooter… and the most popular lethal sport of the future!","In the dark days of the end of World War Two amidst the ruins of Berlin, one bullet can change history…","A brand new mission. Two new weaponsA gigantic fuel dump feeds the Nazi war machine as it ploughs through Europe. Head to the Harz Mountains, destroy this crucial outpost and cripple the Axis powers for good. • New Campaign Mission: Use your wits to carry out the demolition of a heavily defended German fuel dump in the Harz Mountains.","A brand new mission. Three new weaponsThree Nazi Generals meet under the cover of darkness. Now is your chance to take them out in one fell swoop. You are outnumbered, but you have one advantage... the enemy doesn't know you’re coming. Strike fast. Strike clean. Make them pay.","Rewrite history as you take control of the brutal Vikings, the devious Aztecs or the crafty Chinese in their global quest to win the favour of the Gods! Swords &amp; Soldiers is a side-scrolling strategy game that lets you control an entire army and lets you wield devastating magical abilities.","Inviting you to explore a vast deserted island, Myst slowly reveals a haunting storyline involving a series of books that unlock alternate planes of reality. With only your wits as your guide, you must decode the hidden clues placed throughout the game's gorgeous 3D environments.","Prepare to enter a world ""torn asunder"" by timeless, unresolved conflicts--a world of incomparable beauty, intrigue, and betrayal. Prepare to go to Riven. Journey through vast, awe-inspiring landscapes, where clouds sit nestled in a deep blue sky and the rolling sea waters shimmer from bright morning sunlight.","You're an Osmo, a strange creature indeed. You explore the galaxy in your spaceship, and the planets you encounter are almost as bizarre as the Osmos themselves. There are seven worlds presented for your consideration, each more goofy and peculiar than the last.","In 1988 you met Mr. Rabbit and a host of his friends in the World of the Manhole. Your friends are still here, but they've done some remodeling. Prepare for a grand adventure in the world of the Manhole Masterpiece Edition. A world of epic wonder and whimsical magic.","Professor Spelunx and Mr. Seudo are studying Planet X, a place full of mystery and adventure. There's a surprise around every turn, a huge world to explore and dozens of mini-games to enjoy. Spelunx and the Caves of Mr.","The critically acclaimed adventure of Uru: Ages Beyond Myst returns with this special collection that contains more Uru than ever before. Already the deepest Myst adventure to date, Uru is significantly expanded with the addition of To D'ni™ and The Path of the Shell, expansion packs that will take Uru beyond your imagination.",Enter a world where nothing is as it seems... and adventure knows no bounds!,"From gameplay to visuals to music and imagination, BIT.TRIP BEAT is inspired by classic games in every way. Get sucked into a whole new world of sight and sound as you juggle beats and ride the vibe in this modern look at the beginning of it all. BIT.","CommanderVideo is back with BIT.TRIP RUNNER, the latest chapter on Steam in the award-winning and critically acclaimed BIT.TRIP series. Launch special: 10% off now thru Mar. 6th!","Delve Deeper is a turn-based Adventure/Strategy game for Windows that combines HD pixel art, tile placement, and RPG elements in a bright and humorous atmosphere. Up to four players take command of Dwarf mining teams in this fast and furious dungeon adventure meets devious puzzler, building the map as you play for an ever-changing,...","&quot;Treasures and Tunnels,&quot; Delve Deeper's first DLC expansion, brings you 50% more Delve Deeper maps and 25% more treasure. For those counting, that's 10 new levels and 25 brand new relics. Each level is custom-tailored to be tackled by different team combinations, and each relic custom-designed to add new excitement to every map!","We've put Delve Deeper into the hands of the people. Two months ago we asked the fantastic fans of Delve Deeper to help us create our next DLC package. The maps and relics they came up with are supurb, and we're proud to release them to you in &quot;Gratis Grottos,&quot; the second DLC package for Delve Deeper. FOR FREE.","Fantasy Wars is a turn-based strategy game set in a fantasy world. Combining both classic strategy gameplay and sophisticated 3D graphics players can experience epic battles like never before. Taking place in a fantasy world of Human kingdoms, Orc clans, Dwarfs' citadels and Elven forests the player is thrust into a world of war and...","King’s Bounty: Crossworlds is the stand alone expansion for the famous King's Bounty: Armored Princess role-playing game that contains an improved version of it, two additional campaigns and world editor.",The critically acclaimed series returns! Experience Vietnam from both sides of the war.,This DLC upgrades your Standard edition of Men of War: Vietnam to the Special Edition. It includes 3 multiplayer maps and 5 singleplayer scenarios also playable in coop (up to 4 players) mode: NVA soldiers battle US Troops for control of a nameless sector near Cambodia border.,"Join the Royal Air Force, face off against the deadly German Luftwaffe and the Italian air forces and battle for Britain!","Replay the events of the first hot war of the Cold War era, the Korean War, also known as the Forgotten War. Players will be involved in two campaigns, both set in the 1950’s: the North Korean (June 25 – August 20) and the American (September 15 – October 8).","Men of War: Assault Squad features a completely new cooperative skirmish game mode with access to five different nations (Russia, Germany, USA, Commonwealth and, for the first time ever in the Men of War series, Japan) as well as increased realism and accessibility.",MP Supply Pack Alpha is the first official DLC for Men of War: Assault Squad and features 5 new competitive multiplayer maps for various numbers of players. Each map has its own unique setting and battle landscape. The 5 new multiplayer maps are for the gamemodes Assault Zones and Combat.,"Receive a full set of 5 new skirmish missions, 1 for each faction, USA, Germany, Soviet Union, Commonwealth, Japan. Objectives of the missions are very different to the existing ones in Men of War: Assault Squad and provide a completely new challenge as your task is to defend four strategic positions against waves of enemy troops to hold...",MP Supply Pack Bravo is the second official multiplayer DLC for Men of War: Assault Squad and features 5 new competitive multiplayer maps for various numbers of players. Each map has its own unique setting and battle landscape.,MP Supply Pack Charlie is the third official multiplayer DLC for Men of War: Assault Squad and features 5 new competitive multiplayer maps for various numbers of players. Each map has its own unique setting and battle landscape.,"Receive a full set of 5 new skirmish missions, 1 for each faction, USA, Germany, Soviet Union, Commonwealth, Japan.",Enter the world of night racing and lowrider competitions.,"Step into the world of interstellar travel, where Space Pirates lurk at every corner. Kaptain Brawe embarks on a journey filled with quests, conspiracies and general chaos.","100 years after the tragic sinking of the Titanic, re-discover this epic maritime story and explore the wreck 100 years later.","The Edinburgh-Glasgow Expansion Pack is a recreation of the line from Edinburgh Waverley to Glasgow Queen Street via Falkirk High, and including the Grangemouth Intermodal terminal and refinery area. Originally dating back to 1842, the line runs through open countryside passing through several stations including Haymarket, Linlithgow,...","The Class 156 DMU, also known as a Super Sprinter, was built from 1987 to 1989 by Metro-Cammell as part of the effort to replace the ageing fleet of first-generation DMUs dating back to the 1950s. The Class 156s were all built as two-car sets, each set comprising a pair of driving motor units.",The Portsmouth Direct Line Expansion Pack is a recreation of the 49-mile railway line between Woking and Portsmouth Harbour via Guildford.,"One of the main routes of the old Great Western Railway, the Bristol – Exeter line is 85 miles long and dates back to the 1840s.","Once a very familiar sight across the railways of southern England, the 4CIG electric multiple unit is a classic example of the heritage ‘slam-door’ passenger trains which once formed the backbone of southern passenger services.",The Class 455 EMU is typical of the new generation of multiple units introduced in the 1980s to replace aging and out-dated ‘heritage’ units.,E P42DC Genesis locomotive in Amtrak Phase V and Amtrak 40th Anniversary liveries.,The Acela Express hauls North America’s famous Amtrak high speed rail service between Washington D.C. and New york City.,"Amtrak’s Northeast Corridor is America’s busiest passenger railroad and among its most vibrant and captivating. Across the Corridor, Amtrak carries more than 11 million passengers each year, the Corridor hosts America’s fastest trains, and it is home to many of Amtrak’s busiest and most famous stations, including classic New York Penn...",Drive along this famous railroad and try your driving skills on the tight turns and steep gradients of the famous Pennsylvanian Horseshoe Curve!,"Donner Pass: Southern Pacific puts you to the test on this world-famous railroad where engineers deal with steep grades, tight curves and seriously heavy trains as part of a day’s work. With more than 140 miles of track between Roseville and Reno and the dramatic Sierra Nevada landscape of the Donner Pass itself, there are hours of...",The GG1 electric locomotive is a true icon of North American railroading.,"Ohio Steel 2 puts you in the cab of an SD40-2 during the bustling heyday of steel production in Dover and Massillon, Ohio.","Running from Sheffield to Manchester via the rugged landscape of the Pennines, the Woodhead Line was electrified way back in the early 1950s.","Cologne-Dusseldorf is a superb new modern German route for Train Simulator 2012, with hours of driving pleasure and many familiar landmarks along the way.","The PRR K4 steam locomotive is a true American classic, and is the ideal companion to our Horseshoe Curve Expansion Pack which captures the glory days.",The DB Freight: 1970s Add-On enables fans of German railways to expand their freight operations and recreate typical German freight trains from the 1970s.,The Class 77 and 76 Add-On puts some high-voltage haulage on the Woodhead Line! Created as an add-on for the Woodhead Line Expansion...,The Class 70 is one of the most distinctive UK diesel locomotive designs of all time.,"The Class 444 is a superb modern image EMU for the Portsmouth Direct Line, and comes complete with Portsmouth Direct Line scenarios.",The E18 Passenger Add-On takes you back to West Germany in the 1970s and places you in the cab on an E18 electric locomotive hauling passenger services.,"The Settle-Carlisle Expansion Pack is a superb modern recreation of this famous and beautiful British route, complete with 5 locomotives and rolling stock.",The 4VEP Add-On takes you back to the days of the classic ‘slam-door’ commuter trains on the Woking-Portsmouth Line.,Settle-Carlisle Specials puts you in the cab of fabulous preserved steam locomotives as they haul trains full of rail fans along the Settle-Carlisle line.,"Demolition Company Gold Edition: the complete Demolition Company experience! Includes Demolition Company, the DLC Kit Pack PLUS brand new equipment, new missions and a HUGE new city district 4 times bigger than the old Demolition Company districts!",Take control of a nimble janitor to rid the world of dust and debris.,18 original background music tracks featured in Dustforce by indie musician Lifeformed. Tracklist: Cider Time 9-bit Expedition Elvish Piper Academy Fifty FPS Forest Swimming While It Rains The Magnetic Tree Electric Relic It's Not Supposed To Be Snowing Pillars of Pepper Frozen Hot Sauce Sepia Tone Laboratory Upside Down Stalgmite...,"Inspired by chess, but adding combat that YOU control, Archon was the original Battle Chess. You must try to outmaneuver your opponent using teams of fantasy creatures or monsters in this epic struggle of Light and Dark.","'In the hallways of the ancients, the Keepers have existed forever.' The legend also claims that whoever unites these rings with the artifacts of the parallel worlds will achieve great power and immortality.","In times of war and chaos you will assume the role of a young man, who is supposed to liberate the entire world of Eo from the new, nameless evil. Along with a group of diverse heroes and a dragon as trustful companions, you will fight to gain information about this mysterious new enemy and thereby discover your own true destiny.","War has been waged across the kingdom of Myrtana. Orcish hordes invaded human territory and the king of the land needed a lot of ore to forge enough weapons, should his army stand against this threat. Whoever breaks the law in these darkest of times is sentenced to serve in the giant penal colony of Khorinis, mining the so much needed...",Welcome to a world of pain. Heaven is once again in danger and threatened by a reckless army of hell spawn monsters - and they will stop at nothing.,"After having banned the influence of the gods in Myrtana, the nameless hero and Xardas have left this world in order to prevail the balance of power. In their exile located somewhere between space and time, they watch the actions of the mortal beings.","Face the last challenge - determine destiny! A new threat casts its shadow over the Southern Isles. A mysterious demon, consumed by hatred, terrifies the population and pools his force against the coastal city of Setarrif. The dramatic situation exacerbates after a volcanic eruption in the mountains nearby.","New adventure game with gawky handymen from the legendary series. ""Pat &amp; Mat"" is puzzle adventure game for everyone. All settings are based on the popular TV stop-motion series about ""Pat &amp; Mat"", two handymen.","The brand new helicopter game from independent developers Bohemia Interactive – creators of the award-winning military-Sim series Arma 2. Built upon over 10 years of experience in cutting-edge simulator development, Take On Helicopters immerses players within beautifully rich landscapes and an authentic flight model.",Take On Helicopters: Hinds puts players in the seat of the most iconic and revolutionary military gunship ever: the Hind.,Take On Noisecontrollers is an entirely free DLC for Take On Helicopters.,Take On Helicopters: Rearmed is a free official DLC for Take On Helicopters.,Create a hero from one of four classes to save Etheria in this 4-player coop Tower Defense Action-RPG. Includes Steam exclusive Portal gun &amp;amp; TF2 familiars!,"Sid Meier’s Civilization: Beyond Earth is a new science-fiction-themed entry into the award winning Civilization series. As part of an expedition sent to find a home beyond Earth, lead your people into a new frontier, explore and colonize an alien planet and create a new civilization in space.","Experience the music in a new way. Feel it pulse around you. The Polynomial is a 3D space shooter with unique, fractal based scenery that animates to the music.","Frantic, multiplayer action involving Nazis and dinosaurs! What are you waiting for? This is World War II as it should have been!","Hacker Evolution is a hacking simulation game, featuring unparalleled graphics and features. You play the role of a former intelligence agent, specializing in computer security. When a chain of events sets off worldwide, leaving critical service disabled, you assume the role a computer hacker to find out what happened and attempt to stop...","When the number of computers in existence and their processing capacity exceeds that of all mankind, a point of technological singularity is encountered. A massive economic and systematic crisis hits the entire world. Nobody knows the exact cause, and all solutions to fix it, are failing.","Hacker Evolution Duality is the hacking simulation game, developed by exosyphen studios. Based on the successful Hacker Evolution game series, it has been completely redesigned to offer an impressive and new gaming experience.","Show them all, the Governor is not to be trifled with! Where have you been all those years? Lots of things have changed. Cities have grown, new people arrived... It’s all good, but some things cannot be accepted just like that! Howdy! Finally it’s there, Governor of Poker 2!","Show them all, the Governor is not to be trifled with! Where have you been all those years? Lots of things have changed. Cities have grown, new people arrived... It’s all good, but some things cannot be accepted just like that! Howdy! Finally it’s there, Governor of Poker 2!",VVVVVV is a platform game all about exploring one simple mechanical idea - what if you reversed gravity instead of jumping?,"Recettear is the story of an item shop, the girl who lives in it, and the fairy who turned her life upside down. Recette Lemongrass finds herself in charge of an item shop built into her house, in order to pay back a loan her father took and then skipped out on - and Tear, her newfound fairy &quot;companion&quot;, won't take no for an answer!",A whimsical Action-RPG brought to you from the creators of the renowned Recettear ~ An Item Shop's Tale. Purchase before August 5th and save!,"Dragged into Archeology by his uncle, Dan decides to take matters into his own hands. He discovers ancient temples with long lost treasures and menacing traps. Dan follows the clues found in the temples which leads him on a trip across the world, bringing him ever closer to making a sensational discovery.",Load your weapons and experience a whole new dimension in destructive turn-based cartoon action!,"The Worms™ Ultimate Mayhem “Single-player Pack” features brand new additions to the existing single-player challenge modes, with 8 new single-player challenges, including Sniper, Jet Pack, Super Sheep and Shotgun challenges. The “Single-player Pack” also includes 1 new multi-player map and 6 new achievements.",The Worms™ Ultimate Mayhem “Multi-player Pack” features 5 fantastic new multi-player maps for use across the numerous multi-player modes. The “Multi-player Pack” also includes 6 brand new achievements. 1 new Construction multi-player map - “Towering Infernal”1 new Medieval multi-player map - “A Hard Day’s Knight”1 new Wild West...,"The Worms™ Ultimate Mayhem “Customization Pack” features hilarious new additions to extend the already vast array of customization options available in the game, including a number of crazy new hats, glasses, gloves, 5 new speech-banks and 5 new gravestones.","Worms™ Crazy Golf is a hilarious mixture of the explosive action of Worms™ and the puzzle-based challenges of crazy golf! All of the trademark Worms™ humour, comic violence, and cartoon visuals are present, combined with addictive yet accessible golf gameplay.","Throw a grenade down memory lane with the original and classic turn-based strategy game Worms™! Up to 4 teams of worms do battle over an ever-changing battlefield with falling weapon crates, crazed exploding sheep and more besides. Winner of many industry awards, find out what all the fuss was about.","Fall in line for fast, furious fire fights with Worms™ Blast. Your mission: launch your worm marine into hostile waters and blast your way to survival through intense puzzle action! Take the big chunk of puzzle-styled gameplay and slice into 60 fun-sized missions.","The Worms™ crew returns, and this time they’ve got balls! The classic Worms™ Pinball sends the cute little pink guys spinning across one of the most realistic pinball tables ever created.","Take command of a vast interstellar empire and safeguard your species from total extinction in a procedurally generated 3D galaxy (with the option to flatten it) from 1 System to 10,000+! Prove your species' ingenuity through a deep and intricate combat system where anything (from individual components on ships to the stars themselves)...",The life of an independent mercenary is rarely without excitement. Your spacecraft awaits and your adventure begins in the Sapphire star system.,"The largest and most powerful terrorist group in the world, known as E.Y.E., is looking to take total control of Earth! Join the government controlled group of troopers, ESWAT™ (Enhanced Special Weapons And Tactics), and eliminate the terrorists!","Join the adventures of Flicky™, a fun-loving, little blue bird who drives cats everywhere crazy! As a heroic bird, find all of the missing Chirps and guide them to the “Exit” where they’ll be safe from those mischievous felines and other ferocious domesticated animals in the house.","The Lord of Darkness, Dark Guld, has arisen again. Wielding the famous Golden Axe, he has destroyed entire countries with his evil clan, forcing the world into chaos. Once again, three brave warriors stand up to face the oppressors, and won’t rest until the Golden Axe is returned to its rightful place.","The evil scientist Dr. Eggman (aka Dr. Robotnik) has snatched the poor animals of South Island and and turned them into robots. Only one hero can defeat Dr. Eggman and rescue the animals from his vile clutches – it’s the super-cool hedgehog with the blue spiky hair, Sonic!","To take revenge against Tsarkon over his father’s death, the prince must collect the eight Rings of Good hidden throughout the land. Out-hack and out-smart Tsarkon’s minions while collecting the hidden Rings until you reach the final bastion where Tsarkon waits. Defeat Tsarkon and banish evil from the world.","One year has passed since eight of the toughest, fastest fighters challenged each other in the World Fighting Tournament. Now the call has come for the second World Fighting Tournament. Who will emerge victorious this time?","The planet Sierra is being attacked by Scarlet, a terrorist group lead by a vicious creature named Xi-Tiger who is plotting to destroy the human race. With vengeance, our hero Epsilon-Eagle will fight against Xi-Tiger as well as the terrorist organization that he formerly led.","The Gunstar family are the protectors of the planet Gunstar 9. After many years of peace, vicious dictator Colonel Red kidnapped the Gunstar twins’ older brother and used mind control to make him his slave.","You are Nigel, an elf and treasure hunter extraordinaire. Assisted by his new partner Friday, Nigel will travel to a distant island in a search of a legendary treasure.","I am David Lander, swordsman in the service of the great King Frederick of Whitewood. A few days ago, I was sent by my lord to an audience with King Weeden of this land of Green Row. Trembling, King Weeden informed me that his townspeople have been disappearing daily.","The land of Rune, in the kingdom of Guardiana, has been at peace for centuries, until the hordes of Runefaust attack. Now, the evil forces of Runefaust are spotted near the Gate of the Ancients. As a young swordsman of Guardiana, find out what Runefaust is after, stop their ambition, and bring back peace to the land of Rune.","As a student of Astral the wizard, you and your friends study all the usual subjects: reading, writing, and sword fighting. As your time at school draws to an end, dark events are taking place on the island of Grans. The two Jewels which seal the Door to Darkness have been stolen, allowing a creature of awesome power to be unleashed.","Princess Jessa, along with the loyal knight Mortred, has gone missing in the vicinity of the Labyrinth. King Drake and his aides have no clue as to where she is. As Mortred’s son, join forces with Milo and Pyra in a quest to find the princess.","Dr. Eggman’s (AKA Dr. Robotnik’s) Death Egg was once again blasted by Sonic, crash-landing on the peak of a volcano on the Floating Island. Dr. Eggman is still at large, and Sonic can’t allow him to get his hands on the Master Emerald and repair the Death Egg. Sonic must also keep Knuckles off his back but Knuckles has problems too.","Dr. Eggman (aka Dr. Robotnik) has returned, turning helpless animals into robots and forcing them to build his ultimate weapon, the Death Egg! But this time, Sonic has a friend that can help him: Tails! Find the 7 Chaos Emeralds and stop Dr. Robotnik’s evil scheme!","What was once a happy, peaceful, productive city, has fallen into the hands of a secret criminal syndicate. Looting, random violence and destruction are rampant. Nobody is safe. Despite repeated refusals by their superiors, three young police officers were determined to tackle the problem head on.","Mr. X and the Syndicate are back, this time taking Adam hostage! Take on the role of Axel, Blaze, Skate, or Max to rescue Adam, and destroy Mr. X once and for all.","ToeJam &amp;amp; Earl™ are both highly funky aliens from the planet Funkotron. Recently they ran into a slight problem... They were cruising in their highly funky, ultra cool, righteous rapmaster rocketship when Earl said he’d like a shot at driving.","The peaceful planet of Funkotron has been invaded by... Earthlings, of all people! They are scaring and annoying the inhabitants. Control ToeJam &amp;amp; Earl™ to capture all Earthlings and send them back to the planet Earth!",The monsters are attacking the quiet town of Xenobia. Guide Leo and Priscilla to wipe out the monsters using the Legendary Weapons.,"Hey hey, come on over and have some fun with Crrrrrazy Taxi! Barrel through traffic packed streets, hurdle off parking garages, and Crazy Combo your way to Crazy Money in a wild frantic race to scare up the most fares. In Crazy Taxi, time is money, and only the Craziest Cabbies come out victorious.","Explore the exciting sport of Bass fishing! Based on the Dreamcast hit, motor out to eight different fishing locations to catch the biggest and baddest Bass possible! Choose between fourteen different lures, and compete in four tournaments. Start off as an amateur, and work your way up to the pros in the Masters Classic tournament.",An ancient evil lurking within the Master Emerald has been unleashed from its slumber by the devious Dr. Eggman and is on the verge of becoming the ultimate monster using the 7 Chaos Emeralds. Only Sonic and his friends are heroic enough to put a stop to Dr. Eggman and his evil minions.,"Hey there, SpaceCats – meet Ulala, the grooviest reporter in the galaxy! She’s got attitude, and she’s got moves. Help her get the scoop on an unidentified Dance Troupe that has captured thousands of people and is forcing them to dance!",Celebrate 20 years of Sonic in an all new adventure that delivers a definitive experience to Sonic fans new and old!,"In the dark and mysterious world of Closure, only what you see exists. Manipulate lights to phase objects in and out of reality in this multiple-award-winning puzzle game. Play as a strange spider-like demon who explores the stories of three human characters through beautiful, eerie environments such as a decrepit factory, a murky...",Create and destroy on a scale you’ve never imagined!,"Clones is a friendly, fun, and engaging evolution to the classic puzzle genre which includes robust internet-multiplayer and a built-in level editor.","Arcadia is a fun, casual little shooter. There are a variety of enemies that will hunt you down, and a few little tactics you can use to take them down. Try to get the best score and stay on top of the leaderboard. The game is played from a top-down perspective.","A unique adventure, a stunning scenario to discover in one season!","It’s now time for a long journey, on a snowy trail, to the distant capital, from shelter to shelter. Travelling in the snow is an ordeal and strangers, tramps or travelers also caught up in this unexpected winter now replace the familiar faces of your childhood village.","You advance in your adventure alone in the middle of the tundra and attempt to follow a forgotten trail, marked by ruins of ancient stopovers and roaming animals. Your unconscious’ voices are submitting you to harrowing internal battles, which you must overcome to carry on with your reconstruction.","For the first time in what seems an eternity, a tiny village crushed by the huge mass of mountains indicates the presence of other human beings... Will they be a great help or a danger more deadly than your desperate and icy loneliness?","The motionless voyage… The interior and exterior worlds are made of hidden things – some are magnificent, others are frightening – all of them, in some way, are worth discovering. Is it your new life that is starting, or your proximity to the river?","Deserts and river banks...That which was hidden has finally been unveiled. You walk along the rapids, sometimes on the road, sometimes in the forest-sometimes the current almost carries you along. You have one end of the thread, a beginning to your story-you must reconstruct.","Manage transportation for commuters in four of the world's greatest cities - Vienna, Helsinki, Berlin, and Amsterdam","Design Classics adds five brand new vehicles to Cities in Motion. Expand the cities transit capabilities while providing your citizens with new and exciting comute options. Jubilee Blim: The Jubilee Blim is the iconic minibus of the early 60's. It is compact, cozy and has a unique silhouette.","Design Marvels adds five brand new transit options to Cities in Motion. Increase speed, efficiency and capacity with these vehicles: Dino Vettore - The flagship of a vehicle North Italian company, Vettore is one of the largest buses ever produced. It provides two floors of comfortable seating with stairs in the front and rear.","Design Now adds five brand new transit options to Cities in Motion. Increase speed, efficiency and capacity with these vehicles: Stern-Berger Midi - A product of Swiss standard in solid quality and innovative looks, Midi is a bus primarily intended for dense urban areas.","In the world of Majesty, you are the ruler of the Kingdom. Your rule is not absolute, however, as you face subjects that are independent and stubborn. They will need a great deal of persuasion before they carry out your wishes...",The &quot;Wizard's Survival Kit&quot; allows you to equip the following items for your character: Wizard's Hat (item) - No wizard of note would ever be seen outdoors without one of these pointy hats. Sharp Sword (item) - The instruction reads “stick them with the pointy end”. Good to have in a pinch.,"The Magicka: Nippon DLC includes: 1 Kimono robe 1 Katana - ""Yawarakai-Te"" (cuts through armor) 1 Bamboo Staff - ""Staff of Endurance"" (resistance to all elements)","Left for dead, your party is faced with the terrible hordes of the undead and some of their friends. This challenge contains a large area for the players to move around and plenty of room for the hordes to really spread out and surround you.","The Final Frontier DLC pack contains an all new map, the Vulcanus Arena, both for the Versus and Challenge game modes. Also included is an entirely new robe and gear. The Vulcanus Arena is the perfect spot to fight to prove your honor.","The old watchtower was once used to get a proper view over Midgard but now Wizards have claimed it to settle disputes slightly less petty than the once settled in Aldrheim’s old Training Grounds. This is indeed an epic location for duels and how the wizards get up there in the first place, no one knows.","In the Frozen Lake DLC, only the boldest Wizards challenge each other on a large body of water, the Wizards inability to tread water is a more common cause of death during these duels than the successful spellcasting of the opponent.","Has the constant casting of Rain and Blizzard made you weary? Perhaps it’s time to set out on a sunny vacation on the four and a half seas. This solidly (goblin) made sea vessel offers travelers plenty of living quarters, restaurants, luxurious lounges and one big sunny duel deck.","The King would imagine that Ardania belongs to him alone, and his advisor supports him in this ignorance, forgetting that there are two sides to every coin. As mentioned in the ancient scriptures of Murphius: “Try as you might to do something that everybody likes, there is always someone who does not.",The Gamer Bundle contains three new robes inspired by some of the developers favorite games. Armed to the teeth with new exciting gear these diverse robes will give the players plenty of new tactics to employ in all existing game modes: The Zombie Robe is a resilient one.,The Stars are Left is a new Adventure expansion for the highly popular and successful PC action/adventure game Magicka. This time Arrowhead has moved on from the jungles of Vietnam and set their sights on the maddening Cthulhu mythos.,"A next-generation tower defense game set in the rich fantasy world of Majesty, but with a twist.","When there is peace in the kingdom, and nothing has happened in a month, any good King would itch for war. And even if not a full scale war, then at least for a skirmish; and if there is no skirmish, then at least it's time to go hunting. And if the game is a werewolf, then well – that's a sure cure for boredom!","Christmas comes early this year so get into the right holiday spirit. Spread some love, cook some food, get those presents in time this year and make sure you share with your friends. Key Features: For use in the Challenge and Versus modes only. Freeze Ray - In case that pesty global warming is trying to ruin your Christmas.","An item pack filled with nasty things you would find at any ordinary horror movie set. Whether you prefer slashers or mad stories from the 1920s, this pack contains something for you. Key features: For use in the Challenge and Versus modes only.","Magicka: The Other Side of the Coin lets players experience a completely new take on the Magicka universe. Take the role of Alucart the Vampire and his Necromancers to fight against the forces of good. Your mission is to thwart Vlad’s attempt to unite the humans, the dwarves and the elves.","Behind every missing wizard, behind every village pillaged by goblins, behind every bad happening in Midgård, there may or may not be a villainous mastermind behind it all. Unbeknownst to many, there is a dark underworld in Midgård, home to all sorts of evil personalities and organizations.","Some wizards are not only terrible spell casters, but terrible musicians as well! Join their ranks, and explore a variety of music history's greatest styles, from the heavy-metal guitar to the cool-but-moist saxophone!","The Peculiar Gadgets Item Pack offers a wide array of weird weapons and utility gear, rare items created by the craziest, most white-haired smiths and mechanics in all of Midgård. Some were intended for the good of others, while others were designed for the (more or less) total destruction of all kinds of foes.","Many interesting old trinkets and relics, passed down through the generations from the ancient times, await discovery in the huge dusty attic of Castle Aldrheim. Scattered amidst piles of junk, between the cushions of dusty old furniture or packed in old wooden moving crates, lies powerful magickal equipment ripe for the taking.","Something stirs beneath Castle Aldrheim… Deep in the sub-dungeons, long forgotten by the Wizards, the demented ancestors of the Aldrheim Order have awoken an ancient evil. The fate of the world has yet again fallen on the shoulders of our haphazard and colorful wizards.","After some tiring, yet enjoyable, days of commandeering an unwilling workforce, Jólnir - the Crimson King - decided to take the day off. While lounging in his recliner by the fireplace, he fell into the world of dreams. After a rather unpleasant awakening he found himself in a very dangerous place - at the blunt end of a very large club.","As you all might know, being dead does not mean being unable to die again. What happens when you die twice? Nobody knows, but everyone is fairly certain that an after-afterlife is utter rubbish and an absurd fairytale. What is certain is that being lost in Niflheim, the land of the dead, is inconvenient.","Deep under Castle Aldrheim lies Grimnir’s laboratory, a secret long kept from all Wizards of the order. A crazy-random happenstance during recent “cellar activity” has caused the wizards to discover this long lost lab and all its horrors! Fight against 16 waves of monstrous foes on an all new map.","Developed by a team of experienced modders from the Paradox forum, Darkest Hour is a stand-alone Hearts of Iron game. The game features a mixture of short and in-depth campaigns set across the darkest chapters of the 20th century. Play from the outbreak of the Great War up until the onset of the Cold War.","With this expansion pack, an all new city has been added to the mass transportation simulator Cities in Motion. Welcome to Tokyo, Japan’s largest and capital city. The citizens of this sprawling metropolis await your transit guidance and expertise.","Some of the world’s favorite cities, rendered in rich detail, await a planner to manage and organize their transportation needs. Overseeing the changing needs of people from 1920 to 2020, it’s up to you to manage everything from buses, trams and subway trains to maximize profits while pleasing commuters.",Cities in Motion: German Cities is a new addition to the city-based mass transportation PC-simulation game Cities in Motion. German Cities brings you back to the early days of transportation history. Engage in the campaign with four different scenario set in ten decades starting from the 1920’s.,Cities in Motion: US Cities is an expansion for city-based mass transportation PC-simulation game Cities in Motion. This expansion brings you two cities on a new continent with new challenges in both sandbox and campaign modes. New vehicle types and large populations set in beautiful metropolises will keep your creativity flowing!,"Pride of Nations is a turn-based historical strategy game set in the colonial era of the 19th century, where the player takes control of a country and guides it through industrialization, military conquest, and colonization.","This short but action packed scenario covers the 10 months of the ‘Splendid Little War’ fought between the USA and Spain. Starting in April 1898, it’s up to you quell the Spanish forces and achieve total victory. While playing as America, it’s up to you to defeat Spain in the same time frame as the historical American counterpart.",This scenario starts in 1862 with the Union and the Confederacy locked in a titanic struggle for supremacy of a divided nation. Use strategic planning and operations to take advantage of each sides strengths and weaknesses. Only the most cunning leaders will prevail and lead their armies to victory.,"This scenario covers the longest and bloodiest war in Europe during the 19th century. During this time, we saw the end of Napoleon III’s Imperial France and the advent of the Second Reich under the watch of Otto von Bismarck.","The Scramble for Africa is the longest scenario for Pride of Nations yet. Taking place for 40 years starting in 1880, the rapid colonization of Africa by European powers is underway.With most major powers operating with a strong industrial base, it’s time to set your sights abroad.",Use your power as a Feudal Lord to unite the land of the Rising Sun under your iron fist.,"Building on Supreme Ruler 2010 and 2020, BattleGoat Studios invites you to relive the tension and uncertainty of the Cold War. As the 1950’s approach, the Korean War looms, the Arms Race intensifies, the Berlin Crisis leads to the formation of NATO, and the world anticipates a new World War.","The biggest, brightest Bejeweled ever! Discover all-new ways to play the world’s #1 puzzle game. Find your perfect match with 8 breathtaking game modes that meet all your moods — ease into Classic Bejeweled for cascades of fun, journey through 40 challenging Quest puzzles, charge into the electrifying Lightning for non-stop action, and...",A Real-Time Strategy game with First-Person Shooter tactics.,"&quot;The world ended because of man's constant fighting. But even with nothing left to fight over, we didn’t stop... Fighting is all we know how to do.&quot; In a fragmented post-apocalyptic wasteland, humanity's only hope is unity.","Fate of the World is a dramatic global strategy game that puts all our futures in your hands. The game features a dramatic set of scenarios based on the latest science covering the next two centuries. You must manage a balancing act of protecting the Earth’s resources and climate versus the needs of an ever-growing world population, who...",Denial is the mission that says: “What if we didn't have to worry about climate change?,"With environmental collapse around the world, millions of Climate Refugees feel their homelands in search of a safer home.","Previously available only with Fate of the World pre-orders, you can now purchase the Fate of the World extras pack by itself, or as part of the Tipping Point pack. This “Extras Pack” includes the soundtrack by award-winning games composer Richard Jacques, and designer notes from the development team.","There’s a big secret at Dr. Hugo’s Factory for Making Robots. When the inventors aren’t looking, their tiny robots go on big adventures. They never expected to stumble onto a plot so diabolical it threatened their very existence. With lasers.","Discover a world where life is cheap, identities are bought &amp;amp; sold, &amp;amp; a quest for redemption can change the fate of a whole galaxy.","When 3 NYU students kill themselves, nobody thinks that a sinister force is at work. Nobody but fledgling medium Rosa Blackwell &amp;amp; her new spirit guide Joey Mallone.","The year is 1973. The sound of a lone, ethereal saxophone drifts over the Roosevelt Island promenade, while a series of accidents plague a midtown construction site. The citizens of Manhattan take no notice of these events, let alone think they are connected.",The third game in the Blackwell series,"Street psychics. Their blinking neon signs are everywhere, promising love and wealth and happiness. They make a fortune preying on the gullible and milking them dry. So when these victims begin dying and leaving confused spirits behind, it can only take a genuine psychic (and her wayward spirit guide) to clean up the mess.",The sequel to the best-selling worldwide hit &amp;quot;Farming Simulator&amp;quot; has loads of new features! Assume the role of a farmer experiencing the challenge of 18 hour days running a new farm in the middle of beautiful rolling countryside.,"Farming Classics takes your virtual farm back to a simpler time! With 20 items ranging from harvesters to loaders, you can enjoy hours of farming pleasure with Farming Simulator 2011 Classics. Developments in technology and safety have changed the face of farming forever.","Get busy with this new equipment pack for Farming Simulator 2011! Equipment Pack 3 includes a host of new equipment for setting, rearing and harvesting crops including an 8-furrow Lemken plough, Horsch seed drill, Amazone fertilizer-spreader and much more.","Expand your virtual farm with Equipment Pack 2 and get into renewable energy! With the earth’s natural resources under growing pressure to provide for society’s energy needs, farmers are playing an increasingly important role in creating energy from renewable sources such as livestock waste and bio fuel crops.","Heavy-duty equipment for your farm! Move your farm up to the next level with Farming Simulator 2011 Equipment Pack 1. With specialized machines to increase your capabilities for harvesting, carting and raking of fresh animal feed, Equipment Pack 1 will enhance your farming operations and provide you with many hours of pleasure.","Blue Toad Murder Files™: The Mysteries of Little Riddle is a one to four player co-operative episodic download game published by Relentless Software. Set in the sleepy village of Little Riddle, the main aim of the game is to follow clues to find the murderer.","Guardians of Graxia takes on the form of a card-based board game set in a floating island environment high in the sky of the Graxia world. Releasing with four powerful Guardians that will guide your armies into battle, charge onto the battlefield by laying out your forces strategically.",Map Pack 1 includes 10 additional maps in a variety of environments from sunlit days to dark and creepy evenings in the rain. Also added are 5 powerful gameplay units and 4 challenging Steam achievements!,"In this first major expansion for Guardians of Graxia, Elves &amp;amp; Dwarves, the world of Graxia is greeted by two new Guardians from faraway islands, Flist the deceitful Elf and Broxin the greedy Dwarf. Included in the expansion are ever more powerful units and abilities that you will be able to use in battle, as well as six additional...",Get closer than ever before to the world of adrenaline pumping sky-racing where flyboys can test and master their flying and combat skills against the deadliest opponents! Admire amazingly detailed terrains. Unlock state-of-the-art planes and personalize them with unique racing skins.,Experience the next level of speed and power. The three most powerful and deadliest planes of SkyDrift are ready for take off. You can swoop with the indomitable bird of prey that fits your style or the actual event: Vanguard Sparrow X1 Triwing Vintage All three planes are immediately available for every single and multiplayer challenge...,"Are you a natural predator? Now SkyDrift brings you the two classic multiplayer modes Deathmatch and Team Deathmatch, where only the number of opponents you eliminate will earn you honor and respect. Key Features: Improve your hunter skills in 6 breathtaking arenas including Warfactory, U.F.O. and Scrapyard.",Lead an armored squad through the perils of this reversed tower defense action-strategy game!,"Command your own troops, man authentic weaponry and take to the sky in deadly warplanes.","You think Tower Defense games are all about building? You thought wrong. Sanctum is not your average Tower Defense title. When the havoc starts, you get to join the fray! As one of the world’s first First Person Shooter - Tower Defense games, Sanctum has taken the best of both worlds to deliver an epic, one-of-a-kind experience.","Ever wanted to enjoy the music of Sanctum without having to fend off hundreds of monsters on the side? Well, here's your chance! Composed by Coffee Stain Studio's very own Gustaf Tivander, the Sanctum soundtrack is now available due to popular demand.","Coffee Stain Studios have teamed up with The Yogscast to bring their signature 'Joffo Cake' fuelled humour to Sanctum in the free DLC, Yogscave! As the ruling elite in Elysion One, the brightsiders live a life of decadence but this luxury comes at a terrible cost to the less fortunate members of society, who toil in factories below the...",This map pack adds four action packed levels to your game!AftermathThings haven't gone quite as planned. What begun as a minor annoyance has since blossomed into a full-fledged threat. In spite of the military's questionable (Four soldiers? Really? Was there a budget cut?,"The holiday season has arrived to Elysion One at last. Skye has the intention of enjoying a well deserved vacation. Tending to the lovely spruce, eating, drinking and opening a lot of presents. But the aliens have made a habit out of making her life miserable, and this time is no exception...",This map pack adds three action packed levels to your game!ChasmThe Chasm was going to be a hub of transport and mining operations. The plan was to create thousands of new jobs and strengthen the living standards of the people of Elysion One. The Chasm was a good sign of a great future for humanity but nowadays it's abandoned.,"In a dark Cyberpunk world, you (and up to 3 friends) wage war against the all-powerful Federation in this Source-powered FPS/RPG.","Have you ever been cloned? Ever wonder what it would be like to be half chicken? Half monkey? Half frog? Well, wonder no more when you play Cloning Clyde. As Clyde, or one of his clones, work your way through the levels of the nefarious Dupliclone, Inc. building.",From the creators of 'Cloning Clyde' comes a new epic puzzle solving adventure!,Battle up to five friends online in this over-the-top vehicular mayhem racer!,A true test your wits and spatial reasoning. Detour combines highway-building fun with the excitement of a competitive real-time strategy game. Construct a path for your convoy to reach its destination in this incredibly addictive title. With online multiplayer!,"First of the three titles in the Gundemonium Collection, this pixel-style side-scroller brings the intensity of the 'bullet hell' shooter genre to Steam. Choose one of two playable characters, including an unlockable third character! Modify character weaponry to your liking!",Shoot 'em up with the 3rd game in the Gundemonium Collection series.,"Reload for more shooting action with GundeadliGne, the 2nd title in the Gundemonium Collection",You are the ultimate weapon with an ultimate sidekick – Collect secret items and get power ups to become the perfect weapon.,"Due to over exposure to the Zytron gasses, A.R.E.S. loses himself to older temptations for power and war. While other suit upgrades involve the incorporation of advanced technological hardware, the Berzerker Suit is a reminder of A.R.E.S. dark mysterious past.","Includes the A.R.E.S: Extinction Agenda Original Soundtrack with music by Christopher Geehan &amp; Daniel Byrne-McCullough of HyperDuck SoundWorks. It is in MP3 format, featuring three bonus tracks not heard in the game. This album boasts adjusted mixes with High Quality renditions of every track on the Original Soundtrack.","B.U.T.T.O.N. is a physical party game for 2-8 players. Step back away from the computer, race to the keyboard/controllers through physical space, and do whatever it takes to win (or to avoid losing). Act like a monkey, jump up and down, wrestle over the keyboard/controllers, cheat your competitors, and above all, expect the unexpected.","Rack up huge scores by shooting enemies, detonating chain reactions, and discovering secret power-ups and point multipliers",The Pipe Works DLC adds three new levels to Xotic (2 bonus levels and one combat level). Each level comes with 4 game modes and new achievements to earn. Explore the towers of metal and ancient aqueducts beneath the planet’s surface and eliminate the presence of the orb in this exciting update for one of the most unique indie games of...,Explore the mystical crypts and forgotten passageways beneath the planet’s surface as you eliminate the presence of the orb in this exciting update.,Unlock the secrets of the warp field as you explore the mysterious energy conduit that teleports you between locations on the planet’s surface!,BEHIND EVERY WAR IS A TRUTH YOU WERE NEVER MEANT TO KNOW,"Zachtronics Industries is back with an ambitious new design-based puzzle game. Take on the role of a Reactor Engineer working for SpaceChem, the leading chemical synthesizer for frontier colonies. Construct elaborate factories to transform raw materials into valuable chemical products!","Explore the past with SpaceChem’s first DLC pack, “SpaceChem: 63 Corvi”. Follow a young Bruce Novak, the future CEO of SpaceChem, and his team of engineers on a mission to collapse the star 63 Corvi into a collapsar gateway and expand the human empire.","Assume the role of a farmer to make and manage your land. Invest in CLAAS machinery, crops, livestock, and other improvements.",The ultimate mash-up of Real-time Strategy and Tower Defense!,"Create your battlefield, choose your Titan adversaries and select your weapons and tech with the online editor. Add mission briefings to your levels to create custom campaigns. Then publish your levels and campaigns to share them online!","The awesome studio-recorded EP composed and produced by Dave Sunerton-Burl for Revenge of the Titans! Contains full-length studio recordings of six tracks featured in Revenge of the Titans, including the awesome fret-noodling guitar solo in Bach's Toccata and Fugue in D Minor.","Julian Luxemburg has prepared a dinner for two at his place – but things go awry when the date does not show up and he is left waiting at his dinner table, the clock’s ticking growing unbearably loud. „Dinner Date” is the character portrait of Julian: by becoming his subconsciousness you gain a clear vantage point on the worries which...","Jamestown: Legend Of The Lost Colony is a neo-classical top-down shooter for up to 4 players, set on 17th-century British Colonial Mars. It features all the intensity, depth, and lovingly handcrafted pixels of a classic arcade shooter, with a modern twist: deeply-integrated cooperative gameplay.","Remember, remember, the 5th of November... Will your team of Conspirators earn a pardon for their crimes?",,"The Dream Machine is an award-winning adventure game about dreams and voyeurism. It's built by hand using materials such as clay, cardboard and broccoli.","In an effort to shut down the mysterious dream machine, Victor enters the dream of his sleeping wife.","The Dream Machine is an award-winning point &amp;amp; click adventure game about dreams and voyeurism. It's built by hand, using materials such as clay, cardboard and broccoli.In Chapter 4, Victor must gain access to his elderly neighbor's dream and find his way through the inside of her frail and decaying mind.","Nidhogg is the epic award-winning fencing tug-of-war, full of graceful acrobatics and clumsy stabs. IRL yelling and excitement may occur, in this ultimate two-player showdown of fast-paced fencing and melee attacks. Beware, advantages in Nidhogg are often fleeting, as new opponents continually spawn in your way.",,,,,"Agent Nelson Tethers just solved his biggest case yet. So why isn't he satisfied? Venture back to eerie Scoggins, Minnesota to solve the mystery of &amp;quot;the Hidden People&amp;quot; once and for all!",All 3 episodes available now - get the full season!,All 3 episodes available now - get the full season!,All 3 episodes available now - get the full season!,"The incredibly challenging and addictive Super Splatters! With elastic suicidal blobs and extraordinary liquid physics that actually affect the way you play, Super Splatters delivers fresh gameplay, ripe with tons of tricks to explore.","Capsized is a fast paced 2D platformer focused on intense action and exploration. As a intrepid space traveler, your ship has crash landed on a mysterious alien planet. You must navigate through the perilous environment and fight off blood-thirsty creatures to save your crewmates and escape with your lives!",ibb &amp;amp; obb is a two player cooperative game set in a puzzle filled world where gravity goes both up and down. You can only succeed by working closely together. Find a friend for some true local co-op couch fun or match up online.,"The Cat and the Coup is a documentary game in which you play the cat of Dr. Mohammed Mossadegh, the first democratically elected Prime Minister of Iran. During the summer of 1953, the CIA engineered a coup to bring about his downfall.",Soar through the unfriendly skies in Air Conflicts: Secret Wars - an arcade flight simulation set in World War I and II era. Buy before July 21st and save!,Life on Tiny Planet was calm and carefree until a great disaster occurred - Tiny Planet was hit by a meteor! The world fell apart and now its future depends only on you! Use your imagination and creativity: in order to restore Tiny Planet and help its inhabitants you will have to fix a variety of machines and mechanisms as well as solve...,Defy Gravity is an action platformer that is a mix between classic platforming and gravity based puzzle solving.,"Control an advanced hovertank, packed with the most advanced and sophisticated weapons as you fight against extraterrestrial invaders.",A 4-player co-op run-n-gun action shooter that throws you into a tidal wave of degenerate robots with an array of weaponry that would make any mama proud.,"&amp;quot;STUPID mode&amp;quot;, the new DLC, along with the &amp;quot;Duel Mode DLC&amp;quot; are now both free and have been added to Nexuiz!","Build and brawl in this fast and frantic mash-up! Race your opponents to build the most powerful towers in Slam Bolt City while defending against deceptively adorable baddies and hugely epic bosses. Create weapons that shoot lasers, drills, missiles, and more to annihilate your adversary.",Dynamic abstract sandbox universe. Changes and evolves as you do.,Downloadable Content and 4-Pack Now Available! Give the extra copies to your friends!,"Power up your weapons and suit with the Blitz Pack. Includes the Napalm Mortar, Incendiary Rounds for the Shotgun, and Blitz Armor. Napalm Mortars set the earth ablaze with flammable shells to burn down your enemies long after impact. Incendiary Rounds for the Shotgun incinerate on impact, damaging enemy armor over time.","The Overdrive Map Pack comes with two new multiplayer maps, Abaddon and Sky Dock. Amidst the magma craters of Abaddon, protect a power cell facility built on a scalding energy source. Sky Dock is a crucial military base and space port nestled in the frozen tundra.","The Frontier Colonies Map Pack comes with two new multiplayer maps, Desolation and Overseer. Desolation is a parched desert world haunted by the remains of a failed colonization attempt. Overseer is home to military facilities overlooking a habitable forest valley.","If you are to return your race to their rightful glory, you must solve the mystery of their destruction.",#app_97120_short_desc,"Garruk Wildspeaker’s fully unlocked “Apex Predators” green deck for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. Since his spark ignited, evolving him into a Planeswalker, Garruk Wildspeaker has traveled the planes in search of the deadliest prey he can find.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Garruk Wildspeaker’s “Apex Predators” green deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012.","Gideon Jura’s fully unlocked “Wielding Steel” white deck for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. Strong. Heroic. Gallant. Gideon is accurately portrayed as all these things, but to him they are just words.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Gideon Jura’s “Wielding Steel” white deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012.",Jace Beleren’s fully unlocked “Realm of Illusion” blue deck for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. Jace Beleren is a mentalist without equal. His talents for deception and illusion grow with each plane he visits.,"Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Jace Beleren’s “Realm of Illusion” blue deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012.","Koth’s fully unlocked “Strength of Stone” red deck for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. Koth is a vulshok from the Hammer Tribe on Mirrodin, a red-aligned Planeswalker with the ability to move mountains and melt iron. Like Koth himself, the creatures he summons draw power from the surrounding mountains.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Koth’s “Strength of Stone” red deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012.","Nissa Revane’s fully unlocked “Guardians of the Wood” green-black deck for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. Nissa Revane believes in one thing: the strength of her people. She commands an impressive army of elves: warriors and fighters, clerics and mages, all willing to fight and die for her and her goals of elvish...","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Nissa Revane’s “Guardians of the Wood” green-black deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012.",Kiora Atua’s fully unlocked “Ancient Depths” blue-green deck for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. Kiora Atua is a newly-discovered Merfolk planeswalker with a fierce mastery of aquatic forces.,"Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Kiora Atua’s “Ancient Depths” blue-green deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012.",Sarkhan Vol’s fully unlocked “Dragon’s Roar” red-black deck for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. Sarkhan Vol’s specialty is draconic shamanism: spells that summon dragons and evoke the rage and passion of dragonkind.,"Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Sarkhan Vol’s “Dragon’s Roar” red-black deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012.",Sorin Markov’s fully unlocked “Blood Hunger” black deck for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. Sorin Markov is older than most other Planeswalkers you’ve encountered. His multiple millennia have brought him an easy confidence and a host of loyal followers.,"Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Sorin Markov’s “Blood Hunger” black deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012.","Tezzeret’s fully unlocked “Machinations” blue-black-white deck for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. Tezzeret is a master of artifice, able to forge and manipulate artifacts. A native of the Esper shard of Alara, his body is infused with the magical alloy etherium.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Tezzeret’s “Machinations” blue-black-white deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012.",Chandra Nalaar’s fully unlocked “Unquenchable Fire” red deck for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. Chandra Nalaar is a passionate Planeswalker who rejects authority and control. Her specialty is pyromancy—she’d rather set things on fire now and ask questions later.,"Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Chandra Nalaar’s “Unquenchable Fire” red deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012.","Liliana Vess’s fully unlocked “Grave Whispers” black deck for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. Long ago, Liliana made a deal to guarantee long-lasting life and beauty. Now, she specializes in necromancy: spells that reanimate the dead and unlock power from death.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Liliana Vess’s “Grave Whispers” black deck to premium foil cards.","Ral Zarek’s fully unlocked “Cloudburst” blue and red deck. Ral Zarek lives life on the edge, always pushing the envelope to seek the next thrill. He commands the power of storms, daring anyone to stand against the awesome might at his fingertips. His deck includes sizzling damage spells to strike down the enemy.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Ral Zarek’s “Cloudburst” blue-red deck to premium foil cards.","Ajani Goldmane’s fully unlocked “Auramancer” white and green deck. A native of the Naya shard of Alara, Ajani Goldmane was once solely focused on revenge for his brother’s murder. This led him into a tangle of intrigue woven by mysterious forces, and Ajani’s been forced to broaden his skills as a warrior.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Ajani Goldmane’s “Auramancer” green-white deck to premium foil cards.","Fully-unlocked “March to War” red and white deck. Lead an expansive army of Soldiers onto the battlefield and wage war against all who would oppose you. Take advantage of your superior discipline, superior tactics, and superior weapons.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the “March to War” red and white deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012. (Requires the most recent version of Magic 2012 and Magic 2012 Deck Pack 1.","Play with friends or AI as you travel across fantastic planes to take on new encounters &amp; opponents. Magic 2013 features ten customizable decks, individual records, new items &amp; more!","In the Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013 Expansion, enjoy five new playable decks, five new puzzling challenges, and ten new single-player campaign levels!","Ajani Goldmane’s fully unlocked “Celestial Light” white deck. Ajani Goldmane works his magic through others, purifying body and soul. A fierce guardian, Ajani refuses to let anyone under his watch fall. Ajani’s cat warriors form the core of his soldiers, but he also has powerful celestial beings at his command.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Ajani Goldmane’s “Celestial Light” white deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013.","Chandra Nalaar’s fully unlocked “Born of Flame” red deck. Chandra Nalaar is a hot-tempered pyromancer who wields powerful fire magic against her foes. The tools of Chandra’s quest for freedom include elementals and phoenixes, the embodiments of red mana.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Chandra Nalaar’s “Born of Flame” red deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013.","Garruk Wildspeaker’s fully unlocked “Pack Instinct” green deck. Garruk Wildspeaker is a hunter, deeply attuned to creature magic. Garruk is always on a quest for bigger prey, and his travels have taught him well. Garruk has tamed ferocious beasts from across the Multiverse.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Garruk Wildspeaker’s “Pack Instinct” green deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013.","Jace Beleren’s fully unlocked “Dream Puppets” blue deck. Jace Beleren specializes in mind-magic, wielding illusion and deception, always keeping foes off-balance. Jace’s powerful magic can turn opposing creatures against their masters.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Jace Beleren’s “Dream Puppets” blue deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013.",#auto_app_97368_about_default,"Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Krenko’s “Goblin Gangland” red deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013.","Liliana Vess’s fully unlocked “Obedient Dead” black deck. Liliana Vess is a necromancer, specializing in dark magic that unlocks power from death. The risen dead fight for Liliana, and their ranks swell every time she claims another victory.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Liliana Vess’s “Obedient Dead” black deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013.","Odric’s fully unlocked “Peacekeepers” white deck. Odric is a mighty warrior from Innistrad, where humanity is under constant assault from the terrors of the night. As formidable as he is with a sword, Odric’s real strength is his army.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Odric’s “Peacekeepers” white deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013.","Nefarox’s fully unlocked “Exalted Darkness” white and black deck. Nefarox is the demon overlord of Grixis, a dark and hellish land overrun with death magic. Nefarox’s might is so great that cultists revere and worship him, and this reverence gives Nefarox real power.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Nefarox’s “Exalted Darkness” white-black deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013.","Yeva’s fully unlocked “Ancient Wilds” green deck. Yeva is a nature shaman from Ravnica, a world covered in city. Yeva’s mystical connection to the wild runs deep. All creatures in Ravnica’s forests heed her call. Elves and elementals alike fight for Yeva in her struggle against the ever-expanding city.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Yeva’s “Ancient Wilds” green deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013.","Talrand’s fully unlocked “Crosswinds” blue deck. Talrand rose from the depths of Shandalar’s seas to rule the skies above them. A powerful sorcerer, Talrand summons fearsome drakes to fight his foes. They are joined by angry sphinxes ready to bring their ancient power and strength against any opponent.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Talrand’s “Crosswinds” blue deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013.","The fully unlocked “Aura Servants” white and blue deck. On the city-world of Ravnica, the Azorius Senate creates magically binding laws to enforce peace. The “Aura Servants” deck uses Auras to improve the strength and ferocity of its creatures. Endlessly customize your forces with different magical enhancements!","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the Azorius ""Aura Servants” white-blue deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013. Requires Magic 2013 Expansion.",The fully unlocked “Sepulchral Strength” black-green deck. The city-world of Ravnica relies on the black- and green-aligned Golgari Swarm to oversee the messier aspects of life and death. The “Sepulchral Strength” deck harnesses the power of death for its own purposes.,"Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the Golgari “Sepulchral Strength” black-green deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013. Requires Magic 2013 Expansion.","The fully unlocked “Mindstorms” blue and red deck. On the city-world of Ravnica, magical research is the chief domain of the Izzet League, often with explosive results. The “Mindstorms” deck is one such result. Dangerously unstable elementals and weirds take the fight to the enemy, while lightning strikes rain destruction from above.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the Izzet “Mindstorms” blue-red deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013. Requires Magic 2013 Expansion.","The fully unlocked “Grinning Malice” black and red deck. On the city-world of Ravnica, the murderous members of the Cult of Rakdos take sadistic glee in devising new methods of torture. The “Grinning Malice” deck is all about causing your opponents pain: mount an assault on their creatures, their life totals, and ultimately their sanity!","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the Rakdos “Grinning Malice” black-red deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013. Requires Magic 2013 Expansion.","The fully unlocked “Collective Might” green and white deck. On the city-world of Ravnica, the Selesnya Conclave believes in the collective power of community and combined effort. Armies of saprolings are the backbone of this deck, which seeks to overwhelm the opponent with superior numbers.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the Selesnya “Collective Might” green-white deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic: The Gathering — Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013. Requires Magic 2013 Expansion.",An elaborate puzzle challenge combined with an unconventional story.,"Brings the simultaneous turn-based strategy genre up-to-date and lets you give detailed, accurate orders to your squad.","A fusion of lo-fi electronica and highly-polished dance music, the score by nervous_testpilot aka Paul Taylor has drawn widespread acclaim and available for purchase if you own non-soundtrack edition of Frozen Synapse.",The multi-award-winning indie strategy masterpiece is back with a brand new expansion pack!,"Command your TOY SOLDIERS in epic, action-packed battles.","Over-the-top destruction, loads of enemies &amp;amp; a beautifully realized cyberpunk setting. Hard Reset is here to shake up the shooter scene. Try the demo now.","In the only remaining human city of Bezoar, Major Fletcher, an Army Combat Veteran and soldier of the CLN, is dragged into a conflict between two of mankind's greatest enemies. He is to discover that nothing is what it seems to be.Hard Reset is an action-packed, single-player shooter for the PC.","As Commander of a Naval Super-Destroyer, wage war in a military campaign of epic proportions in, under and above the surface!",Assume the role of the daring demolition worker Mike and start a devastating chain reaction on earth!,"Test your luck and cunning in this exciting RPG as you craft, cast, and pillage your way through Lord Dredmor's Dungeons.","Deep within their underground temples, Lord Dredmor plots the next stage in his campaign of merciless brutality and world-terrorizing.","You know you want more Dredmor. Late in the night, the game calls to you. The lights on your computer blink, intermittently, in a repeating pattern. You hear a tapping from within your monitor casing. The Dungeons of Dredmor want you back. You were meant for each other.","Deep within the pocket dimensions of the Wizardlands, the mighty Wizardkings plunge their hands greedily into their stashes of magical wizarding booze, desperately searching for more mana. Their time has passed, and they have faded into the drunken myths of obscurity.",Players measure stamina with a never-ending stream of green creatures within the borders of a special military mission.,"Dungeons &amp; Dragons: Daggerdale offers engaging ""hack and slash"" gameplay, bringing Dungeons &amp; Dragons to life. Travel to the Dalelands of the Forgotten Realms, where the journey begins in the remote Desertsmouth Mountains.",Take flight as you explore exotic alien worlds and seek to avenge your fallen race,"Blast your way through enemy lines to defeat Inferno, a madman intent on global domination. Destruction just got awesome.","As the legendary Persian hero, fight your way in a journey to revenge and reclaim the legendary mace of his ancestors stolen by the Deevs. Purchase before 5/16 and save!","The mighty mythological hero, Garshasp, travels into distant lands in search for the secrets hidden in the temple of the dragon, unaware of the hidden dangers and creatures awaiting him in the cursed lands.",Take on the role of one of the four great Polynesian kingdoms and strive to become the dominant culture in Polynesia!,"The Denmark Civilization and Scenario Pack brings you both the Denmark Civilization and the new Scenario, 1066: Year of Viking Destiny, to further enhance your Civilization V experience. Rule the world as Harald Bluetooth, with your powerful Berserker warriors and Ski Infantry!","The Korea Civilization and Scenario Pack brings you both the Korea Civilization and the new Scenario: The Samurai Invasion of Korea, to further enhance your Civilization V experience. Rule the world as Sejong, King of the Choson Dynasty, with your invincible Turtle Ships and Hwach’a artillery!","The Wonders of the Ancient World Scenario Pack adds three new wonders to Sid Meier’s Civilization V: The Mausoleum of Halicarnassus, the Statue of Zeus, and the Temple of Artemis. Each of these early wonders brings powerful benefits to the civilization which can construct them!","Nominated as a IGF Seamus McNally Finalist, NightSky is an ambient action-puzzle game that offers a gameplay experience unlike any other—cerebral challenges fill uniquely designed picturesque worlds. The player must maneuver a sphere by using realistic physics to advance; each of these worlds is broken into different areas.","Join the ranks of the Spiral Knights. Stranded on an alien world, you must explore the ever-changing Clockworks beneath its surface.","Every activity in Puzzle Pirates is a uniquely fun puzzle: be it sailing, gunning, or hauling treasure, your own puzzling skill determines your success!",A 3D modeling application with the ability to effortlessly switch between organically sculpting high-polygon models and controlling hard-edged surfaces.,3D-Coat is the one application that has all the tools you need to take your 3D idea from a block of digital clay all the way to a production.,"This role-playing game, set in an alternate medieval Europe, combines poker mechanics with power ups and collectible cards.",#app_102400_short_desc,"Slice them, burn them, skewer them, and launch them - no matter how you get it done, orcs must die in this fantasy action-strategy game from Robot Entertainment. As a powerful War Mage with dozens of deadly weapons, spells, and traps at your fingertips, defend twenty-four fortresses from a rampaging mob of beastly enemies, including...","Expand your Orcs Must Die! arsenal with two new weapons and two new traps. With the Artifacts of Power in your spellbook, you’ll be demolishing levels, beating your friends on the leaderboards, and most importantly, killing a bunch of orcs deader than dead. Only the best tools for the last surviving War Mage!",Think you’ve killed enough orcs? Think again! Return to the dead world beyond the rifts and conquer a new series of challenging fortresses under siege by the orc mob. In Orcs Must Die! – Lost Adventures you’ll travel from the depths of the Pit to the narrow passages high over the Great Gorge.,"Alliance of Valiant Arms (AVA) is a free-to-play military FPS with nearly a decade of history and a global community of millions of players. Join a clan, compete in ranked seasons, and build an arsenal of authentic military weaponry with hundreds of unique and rare skinned variants.","When the Empire begins its reign of destruction in a thirst for natural resources, it’s up to Max Brawley, a retired Gatling Gear pilot, to stop them.","iBomber Defense combines classic tower defense gameplay with intense action and strategy. Keep enemies at bay all over the world using a variety of weapons and tactics, from rattling Machine guns, explosive cannons and awesome anti-aircraft artillery!",Take Storm on a wonderful adventure in his magical teacup. Storm's brother Cloud has created an amazing dream-like world for you to explore!,"Inside a Star-filled Sky is an infinite, recursive, tactical shooter by award-winning designer Jason Rohrer (Passage, Between). What if you could enter an object in a level and find a level inside of it? What if you could enter an object in that level and find another level inside of that?","A combination of platforming with a gravity gun, BEEP is an amazing physics-platformer. Despite its friendly art style, this is a hardcore platformer in the truest sense.","Portal 2 draws from the award-winning formula of innovative gameplay, story, and music that earned the original Portal over 70 industry accolades and created a cult following. For more information on Portal 2 click here.","Now with Steam Trading &amp; unlockable TF2 hats and uniforms. Super MNC is a free to play, strategic, multiplayer shooter and the most popular lethal sport of the future!","Work together to survive the devastating Dinosaur horde in huge, endless environments.",A New Beginning is a cinematic adventure-thriller done graphic novel-style.,"With a set built entirely out of paper and cardboard, and sumptuously filmed, Lume is a game with a style unlike any other.",Critical Mass is an action puzzle game that takes traditional match 3 and brings it into the world of 3D.,"You got a problem? Yo, she’ll splode it. At the Big Science after-party celebrating the capture of Splosion Man, a spill of champagne shorts out the safety protocols on the splosionatrix and from it emerges Ms. Splosion Man. The latest creation from Twisted Pixel Games, the creators of Splosion Man, The Maw, and Comic Jumper, Ms.",Microsoft Studios brings you three epic Age of Empires III games in one monumental collection for the first time.,"Dig, fight, explore, build! Nothing is impossible in this action-packed adventure game. Four Pack also available!","Two unique characters and a total of 4 islands and 16 levels to explore, Tobe's Vertical Adventure shall bring you back to the 16-bit era.","Swing, climb, and jump your way through massive “gardens” of vibrant other-worldly plant-life in this truly organic platformer.",17 original background music tracks featured in PixelJunk™ Eden and PixelJunk™ Eden Encore by indie musician Baiyon.,"Discover the secrets of the Calamity, a surreal catastrophe that shattered the world to pieces.","Includes the Bastion Original Soundtrack with music by Darren Korb in MP3 format, an hour-long album featuring two bonus tracks not heard in the game. Songs will be placed in your Bastion folder in the Steam Directory: ...","Explore a randomly generated Galaxy populated with factions, enemies, missions, and items providing you with a unique experience each time you play.","Resurrect the classic era of RPGs with the retro parody RPG, Breath of Death VII: The Beginning. Join Dem the Skeleton Knight, Sara the ghost historian, Lita the vampire techie, and Erik the zombie prince as they explore an undead world in search of the secrets of the past. Laugh! Cry! Laugh some more!","The lord of insanity, Cthulhu was all set to plunge the world into insanity and destruction when his powers were sealed by a mysterious sorcerer. The only way for him to break the curse is to become a true hero. Save the world to destroy it in an epic parody RPG journey of redemption, romance, and insanity!","Experience true combat gameplay in a massive military sandbox. Deploying a wide variety of single- and multiplayer content, over 20 vehicles and 40 weapons, and limitless opportunities for content creation, this is the PC’s premier military game. Authentic, diverse, open - Arma 3 sends you to war.","Set in a Neo-Cyberspace arena your system is being overrun by bugs, errors and viruses and the only solution is to kill every rogue process before it kills you.",Fast-paced platforming action and mind-bending puzzles based on gravity,"The Official Soundtrack in both MP3 and FLAC formats, with music composed and arranged by Markus Captain Kaarlonen, including the song Grinder's Blues performed by Poets of the Fall, plus 2 additional jingles by Burt Kane.","The new content includes four new, incredibly challenging puzzle levels: 'Container Chaos', 'Shaft Shuffle', 'Brainyard' and 'Assembly Line'. These levels were created as a response to fans that found the original stages a bit too easy.",Gemini is a dangerous place with riches waiting to be claimed by the more daring and capable captain.,"The official adaptation of Days of Wonder's best-selling train board game, Ticket to Ride takes less than one minute to learn but a lifetime to master.",Days of Wonder’s best-selling World War II board game is now available as a turn-based multiplayer online game on Steam!,"Ticket to Ride Europe takes you on a new train adventure through the great cities of turn-of-the-century Europe. Discover new rules like Tunnels, Ferries and Stations in this new map, our most popular add-on for Ticket to Ride!","Unlike all our other maps, the Swiss map was initially designed as an Online map, and only later released as an add-on to the board game version. Specially conceived for 2 and 3 player games, this map is board game designer Alan R. Moon’s favorite!","Expand your base game with 3 new Game variants and a whole new deck of Destinations tickets! Includes 35 new Destination Tickets and a new GlobeTrotter bonus card for completing the most tickets. There are three new ways to play: the 1910 variant, using only the new Destination Tickets; the Mega Game variant, featuring all tickets; and...",Travel along the Silk Road and wind your way through the hustle and bustle of Indochina in this new map of Ticket to Ride Legendary Asia! Just be ready for a hair-rising ride as you venture through the Mountain passes of the Himalayas in François Valentyne's winning entry to the Ticket to Ride 2011 Map Design Contest!,Living liquid machines have overrun a world of unstoppable progress and their inventor must stop the chaos in this game about a man with the power to bring ordinary matter to life!,"Project Zomboid is the ultimate in zombie survival. Alone or in MP: you loot, build, craft, fight, farm and fish in a struggle to survive. A hardcore RPG skillset, a vast map, a massively customisable sandbox and a cute tutorial raccoon await the unwary. So how will you die?","Load your guns, start your engines...THE CLASSIC IS BACK! Brought to you from Remedy, renowned developers of Max Payne and Alan Wake, Remedy's Death Rally classic top down racer is back, stronger and more vicious than ever.This is no Sunday Drive. This is Death Rally, so be prepared to be blown away, literally.","A Dark Presence stalks the small town of Bright Falls, pushing Alan Wake to the brink of sanity in his fight to unravel the mystery and save his love.","Developer Commentary VideosWhile you play the game listen to the Remedy team's comments about the locations and design. The commentary contains about one hour of videos, you can activate it from the in-game menu options.Illustrated PDF BookA brave and deeply disturbing account of one man's attempt to confront the visions that haunted him.","Aliens are decimating New York City, only you have the technology to survive. Be The Weapon.",Four elementals are drawn to Claudia as she searches for her missing uncle! Embark on a journey to discover the secret behind the mysterious Faery Gates.,A heroic rooster sets forth on a ridiculous space adventure to DESTROY THE SUN!,"Neverwinter is a free, action MMORPG based on the acclaimed Dungeons &amp;amp; Dragons fantasy roleplaying game. Epic stories, action combat and classic roleplaying await those heroes courageous enough to enter the fantastic world of Neverwinter!","As one of the survivors and humankind's first “Achronal” being, you must piece together what happened and unravel the mysteries surrounding the alien invasion.",Includes the Achron Original Soundtrack in MP3 format. Songs will be placed in your Achron folder in the Steam Directory: ...,,A minimalistic sci-fi platform racing game that challenges the players to think in both horizontal and vertical perspectives.,"You are a Data Jammer, an elite virtual commando tasked with one purpose: Infiltrate the virtual Vaults of Ouroboros, the Military Industrial Complex, and take down The System!","Astro Tripper is a furious shoot-em-up experience inspired by the painful, knuckle busting video games of years gone by.",Alien Zombie Megadeath is a gloriously intense platform shoot-em-up!,"Mutant Storm progresses over 89 levels of twin-stick shooter mayhem! As you get deeper, you are ever more overcrowded with nasty beasties. This carnival of frenetic fun is showcased in a cutting edge graphics extravaganza.Viewed from well above, you and your enemies can always be seen. Always be killed, and always be laughed at!","Explore a fantastic vision of the Victorian era in The Clockwork Man, an epic hidden-object game.","A strange obsidian artifact leads Miranda on a quest for The Hidden World, a land lost in time and glimpsed through legends.","Welcome to Snuggle Truck, the award winning over-the-top physics-based indie driving game. Save your cargo of crazy animals by delivering them to the zoo unscathed in the least amount of time. Tilt your truck, catch the fuzzies, drive over armadillos, and rocket your way through hills, caverns, and deserts.","Set on a beautiful resort island, the fast-paced, bumper car gameplay transforms the relaxing setting into a frenzied raceway.",Pick up the Horror Pack for free during the Steam Halloween Sale! Offer ends November 1st at 10AM Pacific.,"This Halloween the Bunch of Heroes bring back the terror. Meet our heroes like you've never seen them before, and fight fire with fire as the bunch battle the zombie hordes as classic monsters. Play as Agent Blood, Jaredstein, El Camaradog or Captain Smithsonian and become humanity’s most horrifying line of defense.","These holidays the zombies and aliens of Bunch of Heroes have been naughty, and Santa has a very special present for them: HOT LEAD. Enter Santa, the jolly man from the north with his special Jollygun. Santa joins Agent Liu, Jared Joe, El Camarada and Captain Smith fighting for Earth's survival against the alien invaders and their zombie...",Pile on the firepower with the revolutionary Gunstacker and fire all your weapons at once in a symphony of destruction!,"When indie game developers Alexey and Markus are in trouble, their only hope comes from their creation.",A shadow grows over Middle-earth as the greatest armies of the Third Age prepare for the coming battle. Take up arms in the clash over Middle-earth as the most powerful heroes and villains from the greatest fantasy epic of all time.,"Horde an exclusive relic that when equipped, boosts your in-game gold and experience.As a bonus get 80,000 Gold for use in-game.","The Dwarves are at their best in groups. Get access to the following Guardians and their Alternates:OriGloinKiliNoriThorin OakenshieldAnd as a bonus get 10,000 Gold for use in-game.","Go head-to-head on equal footing for all your attacks. Get access to the following Guardians and their Alternates: Beregond Arathorn Ugluk Sauron Mozgog And as a bonus get 10,000 Gold for use in-game.","Strike fast and strike hard with your basic attacks. Get access to the following Guardians and their Alternates:Haldir AlternateFrodo AlternateBilbo Baggins AlternateSnaga AlternateUnglob AlternateAnd as a bonus get 10,000 Gold for use in-game.","Protect and support your allies to turn the tide. Get access to the following Guardians and their Alternates:Great GoblinEowynMouth of SauronWitch-kingWulfrunAnd as a bonus get 10,000 Gold for use...","Target structures and move the battlefront as you see fit. Get access to the following Guardians Alternates:BertGothmog Elrond Felgrom RunsigAnd as a bonus get 10,000 Gold for use in-game.","Rely heavily on your abilities to win the fight. Get access to the following Guardians and their Alternates:Radagast Saruman Lugbol Barrow-wight Lord Agandaur And as a bonus get 10,000 Gold for use in-game.","Avadon: The Black Fortress is an epic, Indie fantasy role-playing saga.","Monaco: What's Yours Is Mine is a single player or co-op heist game. Assemble a crack team of thieves, case the joint, and pull off the perfect heist.",Now 20% More Evil with the Free Halloween update!,"The Binding of Isaac: Wrath of the Lamb is the expansion to The Binding of Isaac, a randomly generated action RPG shooter with heavy Rogue-like elements. Following Isaac on his journey players will find bizarre treasures that change Isaac’s form giving him super human abilities and enabling him to fight off droves of mysterious...","Be prepared for the trials ahead with the Fallen Earth Survivalist Package, available through Steam. The Survivalist Package includes:1 Month Survivalist Premium - Enhanced XP, Faction and Death Toll (PvP currency) gain, more crafting slots, faster crafting time, exclusive monthly gifts and much, much more. Check here for more details.","It’s 2156, and the world has been destroyed by both nuclear and bio-chemical means. Your story takes place in one of the few habitable places left in the world, the Grand Canyon. As a clone with an uncertain past, your job is survival in a world now built on destruction, betrayal and fragile factional alliances.",A Halloween adventure from Tim Schafer's Double Fine Productions.,Embark on an adventure to rescue Charlie’s family from the nefarious industrialist known only as the 'Baron.,Join The Mobile Trench Brigade and protect humanity from the evil Monovision menace!,Cossacks II: Napoleonic Wars sends the player into the heroic XIX century where they assume the role of a commander to take part in the massive historical battles for the supremacy over Europe.,"In American Conquest, Players set sail from Europe to discover new world and conquer its innumerable riches.",American Conquest: Fight Back is the sequel to American Conquest. The most significant events of that glorious time have found their way into this title.,"Owlboy is a story-driven platform adventure game, where you can fly and explore a brand new world in the clouds! Pick up your friends, and bring them with you as you explore the open skies. Overcome obstacles and greater enemies, in one of the most detailed adventures of this era.","Super Toy Cars is a tabletop arcade combat racing game featuring fast and cool looking cars, impressive tracks made of everyday objects and a bunch of power-ups that will let you destroy your opposition.","LightFish is a highly addictive arcade game, where the user controls a small fish who lives in the abyssal deeps of the ocean... surrounded by deadly creatures.",Find and rescue your uncle by using his newest invention to work your way through a crazy complex mansion as you switch between dimensions and solve puzzles!,"An atom bomb has landed in the hands of terrorists, the threat of an attack… and only you can prevent a catastrophe!",Battle enemy naval and aerial forces for power and ultimate world domination in this Real Time Strategy game!,Confront Terrifying Secrets in a Haunted Japanese Inn!,"The highly anticipated sequel to last year’s PC hit, Puzzler World 2 brings more puzzles, new games, fun rewards and an all new Master Mode.","It took 2,000 years for someone to make chess better! The most challenging game on earth comes to life in Battle Chess. An entire medieval world at war is reflected on the checkered field. Everyone who's ever had a knight take a pawn has seen that capture as more than one piece replacing another on the board.",Worms™ Revolution is the latest game in the classic turn-based strategy series to come to the PC.,Tony Bluster-Comb is Don Keystone’s spineless assistant and with his boss in hiding he needs your help to further document the life of Wormius-Fistycuffius. Now’s your chance to do so and become a legendry hero! Storm a series of puzzle-laden castles in these 10 all-new medieval single-player quest missions.,"Extend your single player experience as you take on more missions in this one giant leap for wormkind. Experience new missions, weapons, customization and more.Mars Pack includes:New Campaign Missions. 5 new single player campaign missions set in the new Mars theme.Mars Theme.","Roll up, roll up. Enjoy all the fun of the fair with these 5 new puzzles and theme. Experience new puzzles, weapons, customization and more.Funfair Pack includes:New Puzzle Missions. 5 new single player puzzle missions set in the new Funfair theme.Funfair theme.",Battle your way through a twisted graffiti world where your prowess in puzzle solving makes the difference between life &amp; death!,"Team up with dozens of players and battle through the Realm of the Mad God, Oryx. With a retro 8-bit style, Realm is an evolution of traditional MMO gameplay.","Off-Road Drive, the off-road racing simulation for PC, is the first game ever to deliver a true-to-life, off-road, extreme racing experience. Players will take part in The Russian trophy, Off-Road Trial, Thai Trophy and many other events through the worst driving conditions with a variety of natural obstacles like swamps, rocks, snow and...",Get Batman: Arkham City and all DLC for one low price with the release of the GOTY Edition!,Battlemagic adds four new spells – a new spell for each of the playable races as well as one new spell that will be available for all races. Defenders of Ardania (DoA) is a next-generation tower defense game set in the rich fantasy world of Majesty with a twist.,"Defenders of Ardania: The Conjurer’s Tricks provides a new collection of units, towers and spells that can be used to conquer your opponents. Use new tactics and strategies to outwit the enemies. This collection comes with one new unit, tower and spell for each race. Key Features: UNITS Human - Bomb Cart: A special explosive unit.",A Dwarven Prince on a quest to reclaim his people’s stolen land will take you on a great journey. Explore a continent filled with buried treasures and unearth mysteries that have laid hidden since the Great War.,"Oil Rush is a naval strategy game that takes place in a world where nuclear war has melted the ice caps, changing the face of the planet forever. Oil Rush offers unique gameplay, avoiding micromanagement of every single unit, while still providing full control over all important aspects of strategy and economy.","The first DLC for the unique real-time naval strategy game “Oil Rush” features a completely new tower defense game experience, including a tower defense co-op mode. Exploit new strategies with completely new technology tree, assault and defense units. The Oil Rush is never over!","18 tracks of the original music composed by Paralyzah for Oil Rush naval strategy game, plus a bonus drum'n'bass track Blood money!Paralyzah (Mike Kondratyev) is known for his drum'n'bass releases, that were published on a lot of labels, including Covert Operations, Total Advance Music, Respect Rec.","Take on the role of the Lieutenant Commander, ace fighter pilot, as you search for a new home, battle a mysterious enemy, and rescue humanity from a fiery end.","Exciting new features, including four-player multiplayer in four modes and the ability to play as some of the game’s popular bosses","Play through the iconic ‘Casino Night’ Pinball stage inspired by ‘Sonic The Hedgehog 2’, and bring your screen to life with an exclusive theme – no Sonic Generations experience is complete without this exclusive content!",The Coldstrike campaign sees the Renegades go up against a new villain codenamed Coldstrike. General Bryant and his team must traverse vast arctic environments to help save innocent civilians and stop this latest threat by any means necessary! Take on all new enemies including Cryotech vehicles and monstrous Golems!,"General Bryant has found two new recruits to help in the fight against Inferno; Blazemo and Crystal. Drive Blazemo's buggy with flaming pipes and use his special ability, Incinerator, to turn into a huge fireball that engulfs everything in its path and cause ultimate destruction!","A new landmark in the history of Nevendaar, when a new race ascends to power – the ruthless &amp; merciless Undead Hordes.","The award-winning action RPG is back, bigger and better than ever! Torchlight II takes you back into the quirky, fast-paced world of bloodthirsty monsters, bountiful treasures, and sinister secrets - and, once again, the fate of the world is in your hands!",These seven Batman skins can be used in storyline mode upon completion of main story and all challenge maps.,"Download the fully playable Robin character. Robin comes complete with his own unique gadgets and special moves, and is playable in all challenge maps in the game, as well as two additional challenge maps that are included with the pack: Black Mask and Freight Train.","Download the fully playable Nightwing character. Nightwing comes complete with his own unique gadgets and special moves, and is playable in all challenge maps in the game, as well as two additional challenge maps that are included with the pack: Wayne Manor and Main Hall. The pack also contains a bonus Animated Nightwing character skin.","The Batman Challenge Map Pack are playable as Batman and any of the downloadable playable characters Catwoman, Night Wing and Robin.","Harley Quinn is more dangerous than ever and leading a homicidal gang of her own, she is hell-bent on taking her revenge against the Dark Knight.","Run, jump, shoot, fly and explore your way through a massive action-adventure reminiscent of classic 8- and 16-bit games.",Before the Echo combines elements of both rhythm and role-playing games to create an entirely unique experience.,"It’s time to usher the past into the future in this enhanced recreation of Sonic CD! Sonic travels to the distant shores of Never Lake for the once-a-year appearance of Little Planet - a mysterious world where past, present, and future collide through the power of the Time Stones that lie hidden within it.","Geneforge is an Indie fantasy role-playing game, the first game in the five-part Geneforge Saga. It features an enormous world, the ability to create your own army of lethal, totally obedient creatures, and a cunning enemy AI with foes who can go on patrols, stalk you, and run for help. Geneforge has a huge and open storyline.","Geneforge 2 is an Indie fantasy role-playing adventure with a science fiction twist. Explore a huge world, choose which side you will fight for, and make your own horde of completely obedient mutant monsters. Geneforge 2 has a huge and open storyline. You can join with any of several factions and reach dozens of different endings.","Geneforge 3 is an Indie fantasy role-playing adventure, the third chapter of the Geneforge Saga. In this fantasy adventure, you can explore strange, hostile lands, choose which side you will fight for, and, as always, make your own horde of completely obedient mutant monsters. Geneforge 3 has a huge and open storyline.","Geneforge 4: Rebellion is an Indie fantasy role-playing adventure, the fourth chapter of the Geneforge Saga. Once again, return to the world of the Shapers, where you will explore a vast world, choose what side you will fight for, and create and mold your own army of strange, powerful monsters.","Geneforge 5: Overthrow is an Indie fantasy role-playing adventure, the final chapter of the epic Geneforge Saga. Return to the world of the Shapers one final time. Explore a vast, war-torn world, create and mold your own army of strange, powerful monsters, and choose a side to help lead to final victory.",Join Buck the bill collector as he unites the galaxy against the forces of evil. Send swarms of ships to defeat enemy planets and conquer the universe! Galcon Legends teaches the basic strategies of Galcon through a single-player campaign.,"Mayan prophecy foretells the beginning of a new world age on December 21, 2012. Can the four heroes save humanity by defeating these evil foes?",The Chaos Pack includes three new vehicles for the Apocalyptic Wasteland tracks in Post Apocalyptic Mayhem.,"Delve into classic turn-based strategy gaming with elements of table top miniatures, fantasy RPG and TCG style gameplay all wrapped into one.","The epitome of massively multiplayer gaming - the ultimate blend of deep features, heritage, and community.",Total War: SHOGUN 2 is the perfect mix of real-time and turn-based strategy gaming for newcomers and veterans alike.,Experience the dramatic conflict of samurai culture and modern weaponry between the Imperial throne and the last Shogunate in 19th century Japan.,"The Saga Faction Pack adds a new playable faction to Total War: SHOGUN 2 - Fall of the Samurai, previously only available in the Limited Edition, for use in single or multiplayer Campaign modes and Custom and Multiplayer Battles.","The Obama Faction Pack adds a new playable faction to Total War: SHOGUN 2 - Fall of the Samurai for use in single or multiplayer Campaign modes and Custom and Multiplayer BattlesWith long experience of government and administration, the authoritarian people of Obama are unsurpassed in controlling people and trade.","The Tsu Faction Pack adds a new playable faction to Total War: SHOGUN 2 - Fall of the Samurai, previously only available in the Steam Special Edition, for use in single or multiplayer Campaign modes and Custom and Multiplayer Battles.Rising from humble roots, the people of Tsu are wise, artful and astute strategists.","The Sendai Faction Pack adds a new playable faction to Total War: SHOGUN 2 - Fall of the Samurai for use in single or multiplayer Campaign modes and Custom and Multiplayer BattlesFiercely loyal to the incumbent Tokugawa Shogunate, the noble people of Sendai endured the ages of turmoil to emerge as respected tacticians and sublime diplomat","The Dragon War Battle Pack consists of six consecutively-played legendary battles from the Boshin War, depicting the campaign of Saigo Takamori. Previously only available in the “Fall of the Samurai” expansion, they can now be accessed in the original Total War: SHOGUN 2. Do not purchase if you already own &amp;quot;Fall of the Samurai&amp;quot;.","Bolster your Sengoku-era forces with Saints and Heroes, the new Heroic Unit Pack for Total War: Shogun 2. Honed by years of relentless training and tempered in the fires of battle, these nine elite warrior units excel in their fields, and stand head-and-shoulders above their rank-and-file brothers.","In Sins of a Solar Empire: Trinity, you are the leader of a civilization embroiled in a galactic war, fighting for the survival of your entire race against relentless foes.","X3: Albion Prelude is the latest game in the X3 space game series. TRADE, FIGHT, BUILD, THINK in a living and breathing universe. A new plot and many additions to the open free-form gameplay.","Toki Tori 2+ may look cute, but it’s a challenging puzzle adventure game. Whistle and stomp are the only moves you need to solve increasingly complex puzzles, as you go anywhere, anytime on a lush forest island.",,Choose your weapons and take aim at the most random Serious Sam adventure yet!,"Run a modern airline, design unique airplanes and grow a run-down carrier into a globally recognized company that passengers practically beg to fly","Feel the adrenaline pulse through your veins as you barrel through insane race tracks against monster trucks, race cars, off road vehicles and much more.","A super fast, twin analogue shooter for the modern age!","You’ve tossed, burned and sliced them by the thousands – now orcs must die more than ever before! Grab a friend and slay orcs in untold numbers in this sequel to the 2011 AIAS Strategy Game of the Year from Robot Entertainment.",Get your mittens out of storage because the War Mage and Sorceress are headed to protect the fortresses of the great white north! Defend the new Ice Cavern fortresses against some of the most difficult enemies yet!Ice Cavern! Three new levels featuring a new Ice Cavern theme! Three new Endless Mode conversions!,"Battle Fearsome new enemies in the first Booster Pack for OMD!2. This pack adds three new levels, three new traps, and two new Elemental enemies to the mix.",Ever wonder where all the orc women are? Wonder no more! This second booster pack for Orcs Must Die 2 introduces deadly new enemies and fortresses. It’s a family reunion you won’t want to miss!Key FeaturesThree exciting new levels!Three additional Endless Mode conversions!Two new weapons - Stone Staff and Teleportation Ring!,"Includes 18 tracks from Orcs Must Die! and Orcs Must Die! 2.TRACKLIST:Title TrackCastlemaniaGore MageApocalypstickGiant KillerzSlay MuffinSamiltonMine GamesLil MonsterBar FightLudvig Von Bad BottomTwo Tone TowersSkull CrushWomantasticLovers QuarrelOgres in LikeYou Win (Original)Got Any CreidtsAll files are MP3 format Upon release, songs...",Experience a brand new adventure set during the events of the first Jurassic Park movie and see new areas and dinosaurs in this landmark adventure 65 million years in the making!,"Bank, hover, touch-down &amp;amp; sometimes even shake zombies from their chopper during lift-off in order to make your rescue &amp;amp; complete your mission.","Deep in the underworld of Ardania, a threat of the most evil nature grows and multiplies with an appetite for destruction that is unsurpassed. Summoned from the depths of the Bottomless Pit, the (once) mighty Báal-Abaddon has been torn from his throne of skulls and imprisoned in an earthly body of less-than-imposing stature (he's an Imp,...","Get the complete GalCiv II saga including Galactic Civilizations II: Dread Lords, the expansion pack Dark Avatar, and the newest expansion pack Twilight of the Arnor!","Leviathan: Warships is a turn-based, strategic action game where players can build and customize their own fleet of warships. Play with or against your friends across multiple game modes. Team up in the co-op campaign to battle the growing Marauder threat or fight through special challenge missions with your friends.",,"The latest title in the RIDGE RACER franchise, RIDGE RACER Unbounded gears up to carve its own destructive path with a new breed of arcade racing.","In this side-scrolling action game, you play as Scarygirl – a girl who has been adopted by a giant intelligent octopus and is trying to figure out who the man haunting her dreams is. Traverse unique, extremely vibrant, colorful, and magical worlds in a seamless mix of 2D and 3D platforming action.","Scoregasm is an incredible, variety rich shooter with a non-linear, branching paths style galaxy to explore. It's pretty, accessible, fun and really rather good! Blast your way through the galaxy's many varied levels and use your skills to change your route, find new levels, new enemies, unlock bonus challenge stages and fight the bosses...",10 original background music tracks featured in Scoregasm by indie musician John Marwin. Bigass Gatling Gun Electronic Evil Death To All Saturdays Suicide Via Toilet Cleaning Oatmeals The Revenge Theme You Can't Stop Him Life Is Pain Tower Of One Typical Goatrance Song Dirty Pieces Of...,Get ready for explosive pumpkin-smashing fun and hair-raising humor as the crazy professor challenges you with a gruesome variety of Halloween experiments!,"Crank up the fun, break out the Champagne and fire off your corks to usher in the New Year! Celebrate with explosive new elements and daring experiments. Use disco balls to deflect laser beams, ignite hopping frog bombs, and set off chains of firecrackers to build the craziest “Rube Goldberg” style contraptions ever.","Invaders from Space have come to add extra terrestrial challenge to Crazy Machines 2! Meet Flinky, the bouncy alien and slimy Species 1337 as you take on anti-gravity, break out the robots, and aim your laser beams!",Want to spice up your heroes? This pack includes 4 scary outfits for your TrendyNet Dungeon Defenders characters: Devil – Monk Mummy – Apprentice Pirate – Squire Witch –...,"Celebrate Halloween with everyone on TrendyNet! Now updated for 2012! This Halloween Mission Pack contains: 1 new Halloween-themed mission 8 exclusive Halloween weapons 4 ultra-rare, unlockable character skins: Ninja - Monk Vampire - Apprentice Death Knight - Squire Angel - Huntress And New For 2012: 1 new Spooktacular Challenge Mission...","The Dungeon Defenders Development Kit is a robust set of tools for players to modify all aspects of the Dungeon Defenders source and create their own content and games. Packaged with the game’s complete source code and art assets, the Dungeon Defenders Development Kit is one of the definitive Unreal reference codebases for anyone looking...",This pass grants you early access to Dungeon Defenders’ 16-player Capture the Flag mode. Here you must form an 8-man team and score the most points by killing opponents and holding the flag for the longest time. The team with the most points will win.,"Penny Arcade characters have invaded Dungeon Defenders! You can now play as your favorite Penny Arcade characters, Tycho, Cardboard Tube Samurai, Annarchy, and Jim DarkMagic, in Dungeon Defenders! If you look around hard enough, you might even find your very own cardboard tube sword!","The sequel fans have waited 16 years for is finally here - Sonic the Hedgehog 4 Episode I! Featuring enhanced gameplay elements, including the classic Sonic Spin Dash, and the versatile Homing Attack, Sonic the Hedgehog 4 Episode I picks up right where Sonic and Knuckles™ left off. Dr.",The new arsenal is here! Rediscover Burning Retribution using new weapons and gadgets in the single-player mode or with your friends. Key Features: Advanced Beam Cannon: Raw power at the tip of your finger.,"Of course you all remember Steel Storm, well known for its fierce and intense action. This DLC is not only action packed, but also brings a challenge full of puzzles and traps, you need to think your way through. Think outside the box, explore, observe, and you shall succeed at your mission!",Escape the Smoky Intrigue of a Hometown Inferno!,"Conquer the ancient Greek world in Hegemony Gold: Wars of Ancient Greece, an epic strategy wargame that expands and refines the award-winning Hegemony: Philip of Macedon with brand new content and features.","A brave space marine, armed with only bombs and a flashlight, must escape the Anathema Mines!","A thrilling new storyline, hordes of creepy enemies, serious firepower and beautiful Arizona locations, combined with a fun and challenging new game mode!",Real Warfare 2: Northern Crusades is the next installment in this series of realistic real-time strategy games covering various periods in the development of the present day civilization – from the Middle Ages to today.,"This soundtrack to the universally adored and critically-acclaimed video game BIT.TRIP BEAT features rockin' chiptune-inspired tracks for all your retro-electronic musical desires. Bookended by killer chiptune artist and guest star Bit Shifter, the BIT.","This soundtrack to the smash rhythm-music hit BIT.TRIP RUNNER features turbo-charged chiptune-inspired tracks that will get you matching your stride to The Good Commander himself. Bookended by chipmusic rock band Anamanaguchi, the BIT.",The unique background and nature of each of the seven races in the Sword of the Stars series extends beyond the star-traversing battleships and into the soundtrack thanks to the Award Winning Studio X Labs and composer Paul Ruskay.,"As the last surviving tank commander on Earth, single-handedly turn back the evil invading alien army, drive back the Titans across the Solar System, and defeat them on their homeworld... Titan Attacks has the same easy-to-learn and addictive gameplay of the classic arcade shoot 'em up, but is packed full of extras - new features, new...",America’s Army: Proving Grounds is the official game of the U.S. Army and part of the highly acclaimed America’s Army game series. This free military game focuses on small unit tactical maneuvers and puts you to the test in a wide variety of new America’s Army maps and AA fan favorites.,Let your hardened mercs become nearly invisible with the Desert Specialist Kit for Jagged Alliance: Back in Action. Your enemies will never know what hit them if you equip your team with these special items. The Desert Specialist Kit provides maximum camouflage for dangerous operations in the desert environments of Arulco.,Let your hardened mercs become nearly invisible with the Jungle Specialist Kit for Jagged Alliance: Back in Action. Your enemies will never know what hit them if you equip your team with these special items. The Jungle Specialist Kit provides maximum camouflage for dangerous operations in the green hell of Arulco.,Let your hardened mercs become nearly invisible with the Night Specialist Kit for Jagged Alliance: Back in Action. Your enemies will never know what hit them if you equip your team with these special items. The Night Specialist Kit provides maximum camouflage for night operations in the dangerous environments of Arulco.,Let your hardened mercs become nearly invisible with the Urban Specialist Kit for Jagged Alliance: Back in Action. Your enemies will never know what hit them if you equip your team with these special items.,It’s time to get Back in Action with the new Jagged Alliance Shades of Red add-on content!The threat of a nuclear disaster has never been greater! The nefarious terrorist Ante Silevic has captured an atomic weapon and plans to attack a meeting of the world leaders in Eastern Europe.,"It’s a mano-a-mano, merc vs merc in an all-out-war in this action-packed DLC for Jagged Alliance: Back in Action! A group of private mercenaries has captured American ambassador John Gaiden and it’s up to your team to rescue him. Hired by Rygor Manson, a renegade CIA agent, these deadly mercs aim to plunge the government into chaos!",King’s Bounty: Warriors of the North is the next chapter in the cult RPG/adventure saga.,"A small island lost in the sea is covered by snow and ice. It is inhabited by the clan of Snow Elves. Young Olaf, the son of the Northling King, faces his destiny again as he helps the people of the North in their struggle against the upcoming thaw.",A massive gameworld to explore with nearly a dozen dungeons to delve into.,"Use your wits, weapons, and the city itself to save Franklin from the zombie apocalypse in this exciting indie action puzzler.","In a time of chaotic upheaval, the player takes the role of a great mage, a warlord vying for ultimate power.","The Sonic 4 Saga continues in Episode II with the return of a beloved side kick and fan-favorite villains! Following the events of Episode I, Metal Sonic has returned to form an alliance with Dr. Eggman! To face this new evil, Sonic will have to call upon an old friend to help him save the day!",F1 RACE STARS™ is a brand new world of FORMULA ONE™ fun as you’ve never seen it before!,"Celebrate your Thanksgiving in Etheria with 'The Great Turkey Hunt!' event on TrendyNet! Hunt humongous herds of turkeys for their delicious Thanksgiving meat… but watch out! There are dangerous Dark Elf Warriors who will stop at nothing to protect the turkeys from harm and lurking in the shadows, the gigantic Boss &quot;Mega Turkey&quot; will...","Want 4 new Dungeon Defenders Hero Classes? Want a chance to play all 8 at a time in the new 8-player PvE Uber Monster Fest Challenge mission? Well get ready. This pack contains gender-swapped versions of the main characters, equipped with all new abilities, stat ramps, and more: The Initiate A student of the mountain monasteries, the...",Ready for even more of a challenge? This Dungeon Defenders Challenge pack contains 4 new warping core missions for you to tackle with your friends as well as unique loot that can only be obtained by beating these missions!,"Experience the music from Toxic Games' indie puzzler Q.U.B.E. Over 30 Electronica, Drum and Bass and Electro House tracks from the game and special bonus tracks composed by Ben Chandler, Felix Zirwes, Steve Dunne and Project Static.","Set in futuristic Tokyo, take control of the robotic community before they control everything!","This pack includes a brand new weapon and skills for Sergeant Dan Marshall to enhance the single player experience making him more resilient, stronger and faster in combat action.","This pack includes an exclusive map, a new ninja class for each team and two exclusive weapons, all to be used in a variety of the multiplayer modes of Binary Domain.",Explore one of the defining periods in world history in an experience crafted by the masters of Grand Strategy.,This pack contains 50 unique dynastic shields for the 50 most famous families of Medieval Europe. Including the historical insignia for: von Habsburg af Bjälbo Komnenos Rurikovich Plantangenet von Wittelsbach...,The Mongols DLC contains thousands of unique face combinations for male and female characters of the Mongol cultures. It also contains 7 new unit sprites for: Archers Horse Archers Heavy Infantry Pikemen Light Infantry Light Cavalry Heavy...,"Songs of Albion contains four new songs, totaling 10 minutes, composed by the talented Andreas Waldetoft. These songs give more flavor to the player as you play characters in the Kingdom of England.","Songs of Faith contains two new songs, totalling 10 minutes, composed by the talented Andreas Waldetoft. These songs give more flavor to the player as you play characters that are devout and religious.","Tired of playing as historical characters? The Ruler Designer lets you create your own character when starting a new game. Now you can play Sir Wilfred Death, Elric of Melniboné, or whatever strikes your fancy.","Songs of the Holy Land contains 2 new songs, totaling more than 10 minutes, composed by the talented Andreas Waldetoft. These songs give more flavor to the player as he or she plays characters from the middle east.","Europe is in turmoil. The lands are fragmented into petty fiefs, the emperor struggles with the Pope, and the Holy Father declares that all those who go to liberate the Holy Land will be freed of their sins. Now is the time for greatness!The first expansion, Crusader Kings II: Sword of Islam, will add playable Muslim rulers to the game.",Begin a journey through one of the most original first-person games of recent years.,"Face your Destiny!In Andergast, whose inhabitants are considered to be notoriously superstitious, King Efferdan awaits a state visit from high-ranking dignitaries. For centuries the kingdom has been at odds with neighboring Nostria, but now first steps are being undertaken toward a lasting peace.","The year is 2051. Location: SATAZIUS, a long-abandoned planet. The cruiser Agano was on patrol when it was attacked and stricken by a confederacy of space pirates that had established a base on SATAZIUS. The pirates attacked the Agano intending to steal the assault ship ‘Trafalgar’ that was stowed aboard the Agano, but the Trafalgar made...","The year is 2051. Location: SATAZIUS, a long-abandoned planet.The cruiser Agano was on patrol when it was attacked and stricken by a confederacy of space pirates that had established a base on SATAZIUS. The pirates attacked the Agano intending to steal the assault ship ‘Trafalgar’ that was stowed aboard the Agano, but the Trafalgar made...","Each person you aid, each flower you crush, and each creature you slay will change this world forever. Fable: Who will you be?","Traverse a mythic little realm, use a sword to do battle &amp; evoke sworcery to solve mystical musical mysteries.","No longer a New York City cop, Max Payne moves to São Paulo to protect a wealthy family in an effort to finally escape his troubled past. Combining cutting edge shooting mechanics with a dark and twisted story, Max Payne 3 is a seamless, highly detailed, cinematic experience from Rockstar Games.","Customize your multiplayer avatar with this Classic Max Payne Character inspired by the original Max Payne. Note: Add-on content for Max Payne 3; If Rockstar Pass is purchased, do not purchase items individually, as you will be charged again. Regional age &amp;amp; location restrictions may apply to purchase or download.","Equip the Pill Bottle Item in your loadout for the ability to carry more painkillers in Max Payne 3 multiplayer. Note: Add-on content for Max Payne 3; If Rockstar Pass is purchased, do not purchase items individually, as you will be charged again. Regional age &amp;amp; location restrictions may apply to purchase or download.","The Special Edition Pack contains new weapons and characters for Max Payne 3 Multiplayer. Equip the Hammerhead shotgun, G9 grenade launcher and Molotov Cocktail. Customize your avatar with fan favorites from the original games like Max Payne from Max Payne 2, Mona Sax, Vladimir Lem and Jack Lupino.","The final resting place of Max's young wife and daughter, the Cemetery Multiplayer Map represents the tragic past Max cannot forget. With a wintry New York City skyline, sniping positions amongst the monuments, destructible tombstones, circular fighting arenas in a rotunda garden and a looming mausoleum, Cemetery makes a fitting final...","Equip the Deadly Force Burst in your loadout to get extra stopping power with higher damage bullets in Max Payne 3 multiplayer. Note: Add-on content for Max Payne 3; If Rockstar Pass is purchased, do not purchase items individually, as you will be charged again. Regional age &amp;amp; location restrictions may apply to purchase or download.","The Silent Killer Loadout Pack includes three unique elements to customize your loadout in Max Payne 3 Multiplayer — the devastatingly destructive Light Anti-Tank Weapon, the Slippery Character Burst to quickly escape a deadly firefight and the Listening Device Item that amplifies player hearing so you can hear enemies approaching you fro",LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7 takes players through Harry Potter's heroic adventures in the Muggle and wizarding worlds.,Navigate the beauty and hazards of the solar system while riding a wave of light through 100+ levels in this innovative action-puzzle game!,"Eris, a world of discord and darkness, needs your help! Restore the light to a new planet in Waveform's first DLC pack.Key Features:7 new levels to explore. Re-play them in Challenge Mode for remastered experiences too!Interact with a brand new object - the PulsarExperience another mind-bending bonus level in Reverse Mode!",Experience the musical masterpiece that accompanied the critically acclaimed Waveform. This collection of stellar sound-waves composed by Scott McFadyen is the perfect companion piece to the light-wave riding gameplay of Waveform. Let it take your heart and soul on a journey to restore light to the galaxy!,"Snapshot is the tale of a lone robot lost in an abandoned world. Armed with only his trusty camera, Pic sets forth on his great adventure. A camera might not seem like enough for a puzzle platforming adventure, but this camera is different from most: It has the ability to capture and remove from the world the very objects that it...",The Bridge is a 2D logic puzzle game that forces you to reevaluate your preconceptions of physics and perspective. It is Isaac Newton meets M. C. Escher. Manipulate gravity to redefine the ceiling as the floor while venturing through impossible architectures.,"The Former technologies give you the greatest advantage. With the Keeper 1.0 you get access to this powerful technology without playing through the Eden Project World Event. As this is the S.A.A.T. version, it comes with a unique skin for the Former technology tool as well access to high-end upgrades.","Do you want to learn more about Former technology and its inventor, Josh? Then you’ll enjoy the Development Package. Find out what happened to Josh and help him finish his greatest and most difficult development, against all odds.",The success of the Former technologies has been a great victory for the Eden Initiative. Celebrate their success with a new line of architecture that will bring the shine of green tech to your cities. Key features:Eden Line Hedge System ecos (4 versions) Eden Line Park System ecos (4 versions) Eden Line Tree Place ecos Eden Line Water...,Get immediate access to the Statistic Center without having to play through the World Event in-game. The Central Statistical Pack also provides you with a glamorous and exclusive skin for this economy building.,Master two exclusive Tycoon missions to win back lost investors and attract new followers.,"The financial boom and growing consumer behavior taking place in the Tycoon cities have drastically changed consumer habits within the population. This pack brings you 10 extra ornamental buildings that will embellish your city centers: Security Fence Section, Security Fence Corner, Safety Fence Gate, Covered City Center, Searchlight,...","This package grants you direct access to the nuclear submarine without having to fulfill all of the World Event missions. It comes with an exclusive skin and adds a dynamic shape to this brand-new weapon. The new watercraft opens up unique strategic possibilities, allowing you to launch long-range missiles anywhere, and regularly.","The storm clouds of war are darkening the world of Anno 2070™, but the new ornamentals give you the power to rule over light and darkness. The brand-new lighthouse enables you to influence the time of day for the first time in Anno’s history. Experience your metropolises in a brand-new atmosphere and enjoy fascinating light settings.","Get access to a new red-glowing portrait of E.V.E. to individualize your profile, consistent with the Nordamark Conflict’s design.","In the depths of the ocean and hidden in overgrown stones for years, the Techs unleash their ultimate power: Geothermal Energy Generation. The most powerful tool of the future forces the world of 2070 to expand exploration into the deep blue sea.","Use your power, show your might! Play this Multiplayer Online Battle Arena (MOBA) game for FREE now! AWESOMENAUTS combines 2D platforming with team-based strategy and hero based action. Whether you are a new recruit or an intergalactic legend, play AWESOMENAUTS!","The Official Awesomenauts Soundtrack includes hits like “Space, Full Colour”, “Party at the End of the Universe”, “My Only Awesomenaut” and, of course, the Official Awesomenauts theme song!No pansy violins or orchestrated scores: this sound is made from raw unadulterated cosmic radiation of awesome!","Aloha! The fresh, floral air energizes you. The warm, tranquil waters refresh you. The breathtaking, natural beauty renews you. As the sun sets, you look around, you're on an exotic island, wearing a straw skirt and flowers in your hair. This can be your life if you upgrade now to Hawaii Coco!",This DLC contains a custom skin for Leon Chameleon in Awesomenauts. You need to have Leon Chameleon available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Sheriff Lonestar in Awesomenauts. You need to have Sheriff Lonestar available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Froggy G in Awesomenauts. You need to have Froggy G available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Derpl Zork in Awesomenauts. You need to have Derpl Zork available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Yuri in Awesomenauts. You need to have Yuri available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,"Bzzzzzzz.... Bzzzzz... Jump like an insectoid alien, sting like a bee. Guaranteed success at any costume party: the new Bumble Gnaw skin! Includes flowery seedlings - so cute! This DLC contains a custom skin for Gnaw in Awesomenauts. You need to have Gnaw available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game.","Burn baby burn! Love is in the air as Disco Voltar is here with a funky groove. He won't stop 'till he gets enough, and this daddy cool will make sure everyone is stayin' alive. Lose that brainjar and party like it's 2399 with Disco Voltar! Boogie on! Includes funky healbot music!","A team of unruly mercenaries is given the assignment to take out a corrupt military leader and a rogue operative on a Latin American island. Their leader: Expendable Clunk! Double the action, triple the explosions and a-ten-hut for the Master of Metal! This DLC contains a custom skin for Clunk in Awesomenauts.",This DLC contains a custom skin for Raelynn in Awesomenauts. You need to have Raelynn available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Sheriff Lonestar in Awesomenauts. You need to have Sheriff Lonestar available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,"You knew there was gonna be some sort of pirate-skin at some point, right? Chatting in piratespeech will never be more appropriate than when you rock this baby during an Awesomenauts match. All Yo Ho's, plank-walking references, plundering references and buried treasure references will be 74,2% funnier (and totally non-cliche) if you are...",This DLC contains a custom skin for Froggy G in Awesomenauts. You need to have Froggy G available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,"Double-O Yuri's instructions are implicit. License to kill. From elegant clubrooms to exotic islands, Double-O Yuri carries out the Secret Simeon Service's dirty work. An action-filled adventure of intrigue, treachery and romance. In the world of adventure, the highest number is Double-O Yuri!",Serious Sam 2 is a shot of adrenaline to the hearts of first-person shooter fans across the world. This is serious!,"Hack, slash, and smash your way to victory in this award winning 2D arcade adventure from The Behemoth!","Born out of popular demand, rumor, and Tom Fulp’s Beard, the Pink Knight is ready to bring the love in. Add the playable Pink Knight plus 5 additional weapons.","Shrouded in mystery and in purple, the Blacksmith is ready to step out of legend and enter the fray. Hammer your opponents with this new playable character and 5 additional new weapons.",Celebrate the Winter Holidays in Etheria with the Etherian Holiday Extravaganza! event!,Venture outside into the realms of Etheria in The Quest for the Lost Eternia Shards!,"Now that your Dungeon’s been defended, prepare to venture outside into the realms of Etheria in The Quest for the Lost Eternia Shards! Explore the desert city of Moraggo and experience 3 all new missions, story cinematics, enemies, a whole new boss, and more: This DLC pack contains: 'The Quest for the Lost Eternia Shards: Part 2'...","Now that your Dungeon’s been defended, prepare to venture outside into the realms of Etheria in The Quest for the Lost Eternia Shards! Explore the underwater city of Aquanos and experience 4 all new missions, story cinematics, enemies, a whole new boss, and more: Key Features: The Quest for the Lost Eternia Shards: Part 3 Campaign...","New Campaign missions, bosses, costumes, weapons, pets and challenges in the epic conclusion to the Quest for the Lost Eternia Shards.",Done defending and ready to attack? This Dungeon Defenders Mission Pack contains 3 new assault missions for you to tackle with your friends as well as new weapons and a unique pet that can only be obtained by beating these missions!,"Hailing from the dense jungle lands far to the south, the Barbarian is a masterful fighter who can wield two melee weapons simultaneously and unleash devastating combos! Using five distinct fighting stances instead of towers, the Barbarian is able to adapt to any combat situation.",Celebrate Valentine’s Day in Etheria with the “Etherian Festival of Love” holiday event!,Celebrate President’s Day in Etheria with the “President’s Day: Battle Royale” holiday event!,"Winner of the 2011 Eurogamer Indie Arcade award, Pineapple Smash Crew is a fast-paced, tactical blast-em-up with a unique modern-retro feel!","Get ready for the ultimate treasure hunt! Your shop, Rusted Gold, has shelves to fill, auctions to run, and money to make—and you can only do that with the best finds. Check out the dozens of locations from run-down farms to back road antique shops to abandoned storage units to see if you can stumble upon your next great treasure.","From the dust of a gold mine to the dirt of a saloon, Call of Juarez® Gunslinger is a real homage to the Wild West tales. Live the epic and violent journey of a ruthless bounty hunter on the trail of the West’s most notorious outlaws.",Maxes out all stats for Barney Ross!,Maxes out all stats for Hale Caesar!,Maxes out all stats for Gunnar Jensen!,Maxes out all stats for Yin Yang!,"Command a team of 5 elite soldiers against an alien horde of 100,000. Surrounded on all sides, you must outmaneuver and outsmart the enemy.","Lead a Griffin Elite Squad in missions through the territory of the fearsome Scorpion creatures, the terrible Wolfen packs, or the brutal Bran-Ô-Kor Orcs.","Collect items, escape deadly traps, send your opponents flying to their doom, smash bricks, execute aerial acrobatics, burst chickens to dust and feathers, or top the fastest speedruns!","OPEN-WORLD carjacking goes back to the '80s in this 8-BIT nostalgic throwback. Run missions! Outrun the law! Rampage the city with weapons, power-ups and vehicles!",THE MUSIC OF KRATERKrater is a game where a lot of work has been invested in the music. And the story how the main theme of the game music was created is a fascinating one. It all started when the Swedish musician Christian Gabel found a set of illustrations that seemed to be concept art for an abandoned film production.,"Meet Dr. Cerebro, one of the most notorious medical practitioners in Solside, is a free-digger who alternates between scavenging the dark and treacherous passages of the Underside and serving time in the care of the Solside penal system (for repeatedly being caught red-handed while doing the former.","Mayhem Mk13, the pinnacle of aggressive assault technologies formed from the knowledge extracts of a Mutant Slayer’s brain and the latest cybernetic limbs collected from the Underside.","Sci-fi TPS with detailed action-packed underwater gameplay, suggests using both environments for combats: land and underwater.","Use your powers to prevent humans from building the Tower of Babel. Hurl bolts of lightning, cause massive earthquakes, or unleash gigantic floods!",Men of War: Condemned Heroes tells the story of one of the infamous Soviet penal battalions during the WWII.,"Command a space-faring empire in Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion, the new stand-alone expansion that combines 4X depth with real-time strategy gameplay.","Power up your Inter-Dimensional Shift Device and get ready for a brand new adventure in an unexplored wing of Quadwrangle Manor. Experience Desmond, the drinking bird, as you’ve never seen him before in even more brain twisting and complex puzzles! The Desmond Debacle provides hours of inter-dimensional puzzle solving. Download it today!","Just when you thought you were done with rescue duty, it’s up to you to save Ike! In this all-new adventure, rescue Ike and leap seemingly endless chasms as you travel through an all-new wing of Quadwrangle Manor. More puzzling challenges await, so download this puzzle pack today!",The Quantum Conundrum Soundtrack includes 13 tracks:A Clockwork FluffyDesmond’s ThemeDo Bots Dream of Electric SheepFlip A Switch – InstrumentalFlip A SwitchHe Ain’t My BrotherIn Search of BigfootIt’s Our DensitySafe and SoundScience GrooveSpring is in the AirUnexpected ResultsUnsafety DanceSongs will be placed in your Quantum Conundrum f,Europe is in turmoil. The lands are fragmented into petty fiefs and the Emperor struggles with the Pope. At this very moment the Pope has declared that those who go to liberate the Holy Land will be freed of all sins. Gather prestige and piety and the world will whisper your name in awe.,"Magical Drop V is back in a new version fully designed to taking advantage of proven game mechanics, modern visuals and focus on a Social Multiplayer online experience.","Lumino City is an award-winning hand-made Puzzle Adventure game. By exploring the city, and using your ingenuity piece together all sorts of puzzling mechanisms to help the people who live in its unique world. Discover gardens in the sky, towers marooned high on an immense waterwheel, and houses dug precariously into cliffs.",Takes the player into unfamiliar territory as they use NES-style controls to blast their way through the barrage of Beats in this rhythm-music adventure.,"This soundtrack to the sleeper-hit video game BIT.TRIP CORE features thumpin' chiptune-inspired tracks that will get your heart pounding as CommanderVideo learns what it means to have a CORE.Bookended by amazing chiptune artist and guest star Bubblyfish, the BIT.","BIT.TRIP VOID is the third installment in the retro-arcade BIT.TRIP saga.BIT.TRIP VOID is a synesthetic exploration of rhythm and music as they pertain to our everyday lives and moods. In a control scheme brand new to the series, yet wholly familiar to gamers, the player is given complete freedom to move about the screen wherever they...",This soundtrack to the critically lauded BIT.TRIP VOID features driving minimalist chiptune-inspired tracks that will get you riding the vibe as CommanderVideo fills the VOID in his soul. This soundtrack is bookended by chipmusic superstar Nullsleep. The BIT.,"FATE is the penultimate chapter in the six-part BIT.TRIP series and will leave you wondering what’s next.Key Features:The arrow keys control CommanderVideo while the mouse allows you to fire anywhere on screen! Or if you prefer, plug in a controller for dual-stick shooting action!","BIT.TRIP FATE takes CommanderVideo to a darker place. The rhythms are heavy; the sound unlike anything he's ever heard. Now you too can explore an unfamiliar and hypnotic genre mash-up wherein dubstep and chipmusic flirt with, and intoxicate your senses.","BIT.TRIP FLUX, the final entry in the BIT.TRIP series, is a return to the paddle-based gameplay that started it all. Whether a hardened BIT.TRIP veteran or a brave new contender, you'll be faced with new challenges that will make even the most experienced BIT.TRIPPERS weep.","BIT.TRIP FLUX, the final entry in the BIT.TRIP series, is a return to the paddle-based gameplay that started it all. Whether a hardened BIT.TRIP veteran or a brave new contender, you'll be faced with new challenges that will make even the most experienced BIT.TRIPPERS weep.","Dishonored is an immersive first-person action game that casts you as a supernatural assassin driven by revenge. With Dishonored’s flexible combat system, creatively eliminate your targets as you combine the supernatural abilities, weapons and unusual gadgets at your disposal.",Zombies have invaded the city! Fight your way through 5 brand new missions against the zombie horde plus a unique survival style mini-game!,"A medically equipped helicopter for saving lives en route, the Albatross is great for those rescues with short timers!","An advanced-radar equipped helicopter, the Arrowhead gives you the rescue head-count without having to fly to a pickup!","A covert-action combat helicopter, the Night Avenger combines stealth, speed, armor, firepower, and more! If you’re stuck on a mission, this is the chopper for you!","A specialized rotor-tilting helicopter with fast top speed and large carrying capacity, the Ostrich is great for grabbing large groups of rescues in one go!",Rocksmith’s innovative game design makes playing music visually intuitive and will engage experienced musicians as well as those who have never picked up a guitar in their lives.,"Test your PC's performance with 3DMark, the world's most popular gaming benchmark and graphics test.","Set in an alternate history timeline where World War I never ends, you are the commander of allied forces fighting right up to the year 2114.","The enemy may be on the back foot, but this war is far from over. Gratuitous Tank Battles just got bigger and better with a 'Western Front' campaign.","Foreign Legion: Multi Massacre is the (far too) long awaited follow up to Buckets of Blood. Now you can continue the cartoon-style third person battle online and battle your friends, enemies or even frenemies across 6 maps and various modes.","Develop a successful trading company, lead your ships in naval battles and force your opponents to their knees!",The times are changing and the island nation of Tropico is evolving.,"Turn your island into a pirate haven, the Tortuga of modern times!","Build the largest city in the Caribbean on an island with constant influx of immigrants. Deal with problems such as unemployment, over-population and food shortages. Use the Conventillo, a cheap residential building that houses many residents using little space.","People on the island know him as El Presidente, their absolute ruler. Little they suspect that he is also the Masked Avenger, the mysterious dashing rogue that wages war against crime, rebels and political dissidents.","Due to a budget SNAFU (for which Penultimo is not responsible), the remote island of Isla Guerra is revolting against El Presidente’s regime. Tropico needs to recruit skilled cadets via the new East Point Academy and prepare for a large scale assault by an invading enemy army.",The Cold War has turned hot and nuclear conflict is inevitable. Prepare the island nation of Tropico for the coming apocalypse and carefully choose which resources and factions to save from certain eradication. The new Nuclear Shelter provides and converts faction bonuses depending on its work mode.,"Tropico is invited to participate in the International Communist Propaganda competition! Turn the most absurd propaganda slogans into reality using the new Propaganda Tower building which suppresses protesters and converts citizens to loyalists, use the PR Specialist trait to brainwash your people and finally compete with the likes of...",Poor healthcare is responsible for the death of the last remaining voodoo priest on Tropico. A new threat rises when the evil sorceress Vanya arrives from Soviet Russia to curse El Presidente and his regime.,"As the greatest detective of all time you must find clues, interrogate suspects &amp;amp; unveil a mystery in a story full of twists!","Light up the world! As Plug, you are charged with restoring the expansive Amp-Tree-System, and thwarting an enigmatic intruder.","Welcome to EverQuest ® - the online game that started it all! No other MMO matches EverQuest's content that includes 18 expansions, plus the original base game.","In this Insanely Twisted, 2-D action-adventure game, explore unique environments and battle bizarre creatures.","The island of Arulco is free; however, there are other countries under the shadow of war that are ignored by the rest of the world.","In an all-new, completely revamped LUXOR Evolved, the chains are faster, the power-ups more awesome, the shooters more stealthy. In this retro-styled arcade shooter, you’ll experience a faster, more intense LUXOR, unlike any you’ve seen before.","Yesterday is a thrilling and dark mystery from the masters of adventure, Pendulo Studios.",Turn light into sound in this multi-award winning game from the creators of Fractal!,"Play with the fate of Legends in a battle of wits, strategy and combat, where lives are gambled on the turn of your cards. Leave your minions behind as you fight your own battles, expand and master your deck, and face the challenge of unique card combat. Chronicle is a new kind of card gaming experience.","You are Tiny, a nerdy inventor, who tries to reclaim his most beloved possession - Grandpa's underpants!","Tag, grind, and trick to the beat in SEGA’s hit game Jet Set Radio!","Warlock 2 is a turn-based strategy game of fantasy warfare. Rival against Great Mages, lead mighty armies into fierce battles, wield ancient magic and faith as your weapons.","Avernum 4 is the first chapter in the Great Trials Trilogy, three games that tell the tale of your land’s struggles in the face of powerful forces that seek to destroy it.","Avernum 5 is the second chapter in the Great Trials Trilogy, three games that tell the tale of this land’s struggles in the face of powerful forces that seek to destroy it.","Avernum 6 is the final chapter in the Great Trials Trilogy, three games that tell the tale of your weary land’s final destiny.","Specially designed for heavy metal and rock guitar tones, this Gear Pack includes: the HM-12, a custom high-gain amp and extended bass response 4x12 cabinet; the Cavern, a ""cavernous"" reverb pedal; the SicsicsicS, a solo boost pedal; and the Scooped, an active parametric EQ pedal.","For the time conscious tone designer, this pack gives you access to all standard effects pedals, amps and cabinets appearing in every Authentic Tone in Rocksmith. NOTE: Does not include rare pedals.","Play ""Tighten Up"" by The Black Keys on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Bodysnatchers"" by Radiohead on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Free Bird"" by Lynyrd Skynyrd on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""More Than a Feeling"" by Boston on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Jessica"" by The Allman Brothers Band on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Smoke on the Water"" by Deep Purple on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""20th Century Boy"" by T. Rex on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""I Hate Everything About You"" by Three Days Grace on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Cousins"" by Vampire Weekend on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Symphony of Destruction"" by Megadeth on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Hangar 18"" by Megadeth on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Public Enemy No. 1"" by Megadeth on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Symphony of Destruction"", ""Hangar 18"", and ""Public Enemy No. 1"" by Megadeth on any electric guitar. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""Gold on the Ceiling"" by The Black Keys on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Mind Eraser"" by The Black Keys on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Just Got to Be"" by The Black Keys on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Gold on the Ceiling"", ""Mind Eraser"", and ""Just Got to Be"" by The Black Keys on any electric guitar. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""(Don’t Fear) The Reaper"" by Blue Öyster Cult on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Barracuda"" by Heart on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Space Oddity"" by David Bowie on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Black"" by Pearl Jam on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Jeremy"" by Pearl Jam on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Dammit"" by Blink-182 on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""All the Small Things"" by Blink-182 on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""What’s My Age Again?"" by blink-182 on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""All the Small Things"", ""Dammit"", and ""What’s My Age Again?"" by blink-182 on any electric guitar. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""When I’m Gone"" by 3 Doors Down on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Kryptonite"" by 3 Doors Down on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Loser"" by 3 Doors Down on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Kryptonite"", ""Loser"", and ""When I’m Gone"" by 3 Doors Down on any electric guitar. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""The Thrill is Gone"" by B.B. King on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Soul Man"" by The Blues Brothers on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Born Under a Bad Sign"" by Albert King with Stevie Ray Vaughan on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Pumped Up Kicks"" by Foster The People on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Bring Me to Life"" by Evanescence on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""This Love"" by Maroon 5 on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Breaking the Law"" by Judas Priest on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Living After Midnight"" by Judas Priest on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Painkiller"" by Judas Priest on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Breaking the Law"", ""Living After Midnight"", and ""Painkiller"" by Judas Priest on any electric guitar. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""Roxanne"" by The Police on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Message in a Bottle"" by The Police on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Synchronicity II"" by The Police on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Message in a Bottle"", ""Roxanne"", and ""Synchronicity II"" by The Police on any electric guitar. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""Self Esteem"" by The Offspring on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Gone Away"" by The Offspring on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Come Out and Play (Keep ‘em Separated)"" by The Offspring on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Self Esteem"", ""Gone Away"", and ""Come Out and Play (Keep ‘em Separated)"" by The Offspring on any electric guitar. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""Welcome to the Black Parade"" by My Chemical Romance on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Na Na Na (Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na)"" by My Chemical Romance on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Planetary (GO!)"" by My Chemical Romance on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Planetary (GO!)"", ""Na Na Na (Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na)"", and ""Welcome to the Black Parade"" by My Chemical Romance on any electric guitar. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""Bohemian Rhapsody"" by Queen on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Stone Cold Crazy"" by Queen on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Fat Bottomed Girls"" by Queen on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Keep Yourself Alive"" by Queen on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Killer Queen"" by Queen on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Bohemian Rhapsody"", ""Stone Cold Crazy"", “Keep Yourself Alive”, “Fat Bottomed Girls” and ""Killer Queen"" by Queen on any electric guitar. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""Godzilla"" by Blue Öyster Cult on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Hit Me With Your Best Shot"" by Pat Benatar on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""My Sharona"" by The Knack on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Paralyzer"" by Finger Eleven on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Redneck"" by Lamb of God on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""My Girl"" by The Temptations on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""What’s Going On"" by Marvin Gaye on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""(Sittin’ On) The Dock of the Bay"" by Otis Redding on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Born on the Bayou"" by Creedence Clearwater Revival on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida"" by Iron Butterfly on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Whipping Post"" by The Allman Brothers Band on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Drift Away"" by Dobie Gray on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""The Man Who Sold the World"" by David Bowie on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Mississippi Queen"" by Mountain on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""We’re Not Gonna Take It"" by Twisted Sister on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Is This Love"" by Whitesnake on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""The Final Countdown"" by Europe on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Bright Lights"" by Gary Clark Jr. on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Paris (Ooh La La)"" by Grace Potter &amp; The Nocturnals on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Caring is Creepy"" by The Shins on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.",This time saver pack gives you access to all Guitarcade minigames.,This time saver pack gives you access to all guitars and basses that can be equipped in Amp mode.,"This time saver pack gives you access to all 6 bonus songs: ""Boss"" by Chris Lee, ""Space Ostrich"" by Disonaur, ""Jules"" by Seth Chapla, ""Ricochet"" by Brian Adam McCune, ""Six AM Salvation"" by VsThem, and ""The Star Spangled Banner"" by Seth Chapla.",This time saver pack gives you access to all venues when choosing the ‘perform’ option while playing songs.,"Play ""Beast and the Harlot"" by Avenged Sevenfold on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Afterlife"" by Avenged Sevenfold on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Nightmare"" by Avenged Sevenfold on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Beast and the Harlot"", ""Afterlife"", and ""Nightmare"" by Avenged Sevenfold on any electric guitar. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""Tom Sawyer"" by Rush on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Limelight"" by Rush on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.",Gunpoint is a stealth puzzle game that lets you rewire its levels to trick people. You play a freelance spy who takes jobs from his clients to break into high security buildings and steal sensitive data.,"The Special Edition Extras for Gunpoint include:The Soundtrack: Includes all of the game's noir-inspired spy music in high quality MP3 format.Developer Commentary: When enabled, you'll find little sprites of Gunpoint's developers on every mission.",The Exclusive Edition Extras include the following cool things:The Making Of Gunpoint: a 40-minute video feature taking you through how Gunpoint developed from a one-room test game to what you play today.,"Gotham City Impostors is now Free to Play! Join the Batman &amp;quot;helpers&amp;quot; or junior Jokerz in the streets of Gotham full of bullets, bodies, and bear traps.","Cladun X2 is a hack n' slash dungeon crawler with a retro RPG finish and a nearly infinite level of character customization. From stats to equipment to character classes to creating your own hero, Cladun X2 promises an addicting experience that gamers new and old will fully enjoy.","Tales from Space: Mutant Blobs Attack is a sci-fi puzzle-platformer of cataclysmic proportions. You’re a Blob of alien origin with mutant powers and an insatiable appetite. To the great horror of your former captors (and all of humanity), you have escaped into the world. Consume Everything!!! Regret Nothing!!!!","GET YOUR BRAIN BUZZING with each new challenge in the latest installment of the multi award-winning wacky contraption series - CRAZY MACHINES ELEMENTS. Play with Fire, harness the power of water and control the wind to set off the most insanely creative chain reactions!","Now that you’ve wet your feet with Elements, it’s time to dig in and put your mind to work on even more brain sizzling fun.",Set your sights on higher grounds and venture where only the brainiest and bravest puzzle beasts will go!,A story-driven experience about two doctors traversing backwards through a dying man's memories to artificially fulfill his last wish.,"Original soundtrack of To the Moon, IGF Audio Finalist and nominated for GameSpot's Best Music and Best Song award.",Enter a world of danger and adventure with Dungeons &amp;amp; Dragons Online® based on the beloved RPG that started it all.,"AirMech® Strike is a fast paced Action-RTS game that can be played online competitively or cooperatively. Earn Kudos and Experience in battle and unlock a wide collection of AirMechs, Pilots, Units and Items to customize your army to suit your own strategy.",Challenge Warmaster Seerus and claim his mighty weapons for your own in this all-new Expansion Mission Pack!,"This special energy pack contains two complete sets of unique costume armor as well several other valuable items suitable for any player.Pack Includes:Heavenly Guardian Armor and Helm: Wear the brilliant, white armor of the warriors that defend the heavenly realms!","Be careful! This Game is addictive! You won´t find more challenges, more speed, more fun and more treasures anywhere in the known Universe!3SwitcheD™ combines classical Gameplay with fascinating new technologies. Find yourself in a new World arcade gaming.",iBomber moves to the Pacific as you fight a whole new enemy across the Pacific rim to regain freedom.,"Rendered in rich detail some of the world’s favorite cities await the steady hand of a planner to manage their transportation needs in Cities in Motion.Overseeing the changing needs of people from 1920 to 2020, it’s up to you to manage everything from buses, trams and subway trains to maximize profits while pleasing commuters.","Ulm is a quaint, idyllic German city best known as the birthplace of physicist Albert Einstein. Despite its’ small size, Ulm requires the updated and encompassing transportation network its’ citizens deserve. In this condensed environment, careful planning and slow expansion are the keys to success. Are you up to the challenge?","Welcome to Paris, the City of Lights! With its many iconic landmarks, cultural centers and Old Europe architecture, Paris draws more visitors than any other city in the world. Along with its population of over 12 million people, Paris requires a vast and efficient transportation network capable of serving one of Europe’s largest urban...","The great Window to the West, St. Petersburg, offers many new challenges. The traditional trolley buses offer a new mode of transport and give the city its unique athmosphere. A new campaign consisting of three scenarios highlights key points in St. Petersburg's history while presenting the player with interesting and challenging tasks.","One of each of vehicle type, but with a twist! Instead of helicopter take a pleasant ride in a hot air balloon, or perhaps a tram that's been built like a boat to sail the city streets. These innovative vehicles will add a whole new level to the game and keep your company afloat with their high attractiveness.","London; the smoky, foggy city on the river Thames. It’s narrow streets and bridges pose a series of new challenges for public transportation. Citizens travel to the city center for work every day and return home in the evening. This creates a high demand for working lines and many different types of vehicles. Are you up for the challenge?","Mamma Mia! Airline Tycoon 2 gains Italian flair with this DLC. Mario Zucchero is back in the airline business, and just like in the good old days, it’s all about power, dough and amore. Play the entire previous campaign plus two new missions with Mario, and learn what’s driven the fiery Italian back to the airline business.","He’s back! Siggi Sorglos, synonymous with German diligence, punctuality and cuckoo clocks, returns to the airline business with this DLC for Airline Tycoon 2. Play the entire campaign form the main game plus two brand-new missions with this blonde winner and learn why he has returned from his well-deserved retirement.","After losing contact with his explorer friend Virgi, our fearless alien hero Spidy heads to Earth in his spacecraft to find her. While entering the Earth’s atmosphere, his spacecraft suddenly fails and starts to break up, causing Spidy to crash-land on the strange planet, with his craft scattered across forests, throughout ponds and in...","Unlock 3 more challenging “Special” levels, one within each environment.Go back to the forest and really learn how to spin your web and swing the way gravity intended! Take this with a pinch of salt, as the level is easy to complete but ridiculously challenging to unlock your stars. Do you think you can master this?","Now unlock 3 more ridiculously difficult “Special” levels, which are set to test your ability and skill to the very extreme!Once again you are set a challenge that has you travelling through the Forest, but this time there is no mercy! The smallest mistakes will send you right back to the start of this most brutal and unforgiving level.","Be one step ahead of your competitors, finding shortcuts, repairing your car in the pit lane, and dominating your opponents from the top-down view.","The emotional journey of four developers as they sacrifice money, health and sanity to realize their lifelong dreams of sharing their games with the world.",The machine that started the legacy &amp;amp; a gloomy hearse.,A fan favorite and a machine for the one's who feel a little bit country!,An extreme sports machine and a classic yellow hot rod pick up that stands out a mile in the heat of the race.,"A super sports car, 2 classic 60s machines and 5 paint jobs (PAC-MAN™, GALAGA™, TEKKEN™, SOULCALIBUR™, ACE COMBAT™), this pack has it all!","Cut-throat multiplayer running game that pits 4 players against each other, locally and/or online. Run, jump, swing around, and use devious weapons and pick-ups to knock opponents off-screen! One of the most competitive games you'll ever play.",In Stellar Impact you command a space battleship in intense tactical combat with teammates!,The support ship specializes in the construction of support structures. It allows you to reinforce control of the map by creating impregnable strongholds.,The carrier is a heavy ship acting as a mobile base to deploy squadrons. The various squadrons present a lot of tactical options during combat.,The artillery ship provides great fire support during long range engagements. It is also very good at weakening tight formations of enemy ships.,"It may be soldiers that fight the battles, but its technology that wins the war and the Science Vessel will give you that tech advantage on the battlefield.",Use the Dungeon Editor to build entirely new adventures and challenges for other players to solve.,"Blast opponents off the road with Fireburst, an explosively fun fast-paced arcade style racing game with fantastic graphics.",Tony Hawk’s Pro Skater HD takes the best elements of the classic THPS games and gives them a fresh update to create an all new skateboarding experience for PC.,"Tony Hawk’s Pro Skater 3 HD Revert Pack, the downloadable content for Tony Hawk’s Pro Skater HD, expands on game’s winning formula with the inclusion of three levels from the original Tony Hawk’s Pro Skater 3 (Airport, Los Angeles, and Canada).",ArcheBlade is a free to play 3D multiplayer fighting game that captures the essence of combo-based fighting games combined with unique game modes. Play as one of many characters and master your skills to become the best fighter.,"Just Updated! Version 1.1 now has 6 New online Mayhem levels, Character Customization, 35 Defense levels, 25 Skirmish levels, and more!",An Action RPG driven by fast-paced combat and paired with an intricate puzzle-filled world,"The perfect mix of action, exploration and story with screen-filling bosses, unique platforming elements, and innovative puzzles.","Humanity is at war against vampires and deviants. Mankind's last line of defense is a group of children trained to wield powerful magic that can rival the demonic hordes, but at the cost of most of their lifespan. Likened to bullets of a gun, they are known as the ‘Gun Bullet Children’.The time is NOW!",The human powers-that-be called for the purification of mankind and the eradication of vampires and ‘deviants bloodlines’ - those born of a mix of human and vampire. And so began massive purges of the deviants that were reminiscent of the 'witch hunts' of centuries earlier.,"eXceed 3rd reboots the eXceed storyline, taking it in a new direction. In this installment, Rayne Lindwurm, a descendent of the Dragon Clan, fights her way through a tournament to become one of the 7 Cardinal Lords who rule her world, Pandemonium.",The once peaceful Kingdom of Gorudo is threatened by an evil presence. The only hope for salvation is Cyrus!,"A single-player turn-based dungeon crawler. Take control of a lone hero and explore sprawling dungeons, fight dangerous monsters.",Experience the magical universe of Rayman with legendary 2D gameplay that has captured the hearts of millions of fans!,"A century after the legendary boy Noitu Love saved the world from the evil Darns, they rise again, but in a chaos of time-bending mayhem!",English Country Tune is a luxuriant abstract 3D puzzle game containing more than a hundred levels situated throughout 17 worlds.,Hack your way through brain scrambling puzzles while maneuvering through a thumb cramping maze of enemies.,"The soundtrack to a virus! This is the music to 'A Virus Named TOM'. Inspired by the feel-good grooves of Daft Punk, sweeping melodies of Nobuo Uematsu, and 8-bit-funk classic Toejam and Earl.InfiltrateGhost Machine Norton ProvirusBadvocaFacepalm130 Little VirusesMind GamesGalaxy CollidesTracks in MP3 format will be located in the A...","'Tis better to give than receive... a virus. It's starting to snow in the City of Tomorrow. Decorate TOM by helping him find his holiday spirit amongst the winter wonderland with a new clue each day. Our gift to you, happy holidays!","AVSEQ is an audio-visual sequencer puzzle game. Connect falling atoms to unlock near-endless varieties of music at each stage. Every level of AVSEQ is a music sequencer with 2.2300745198530623×10^43 possible audio permutations, that's 22 tredecillion in total! No, we're not making those numbers up. We actually did the math.",Humor-filled indie adventure game created by the makers of Machinarium.,"Throw fireballs, call down lightning, and summon volcanoes to defend your hive from annihilation!For years you've trained under the great wizard Bumbledore in the hallowed halls of Honeyhold Keep, preparing for a day like this.",Arena Wars 2 is the sequel of the award-winning Arena Wars series and combines revolutionary RTS fights with RPG elements.,A mysterious entity is absorbing and corrupting your music before your very eyes. You must battle through your own song collection and fight to reclaim your music!,"Take on the massive assault of aerial, ground, and naval forces with only seconds to decide your fate of victory or defeat.","Sharpen your axe, string your bow, brew your potions! Ancaria needs heroes like you. Grab your friends to join the resistance!The once peaceful land of Ancaria is in grave danger. The evil Ashen empire has enslaved its population and is using the orc-like Grimmoc to wipe out the Seraphim, who swore to protect it.","Moon Breakers is a free to play, multi-player 3D space combat game set in an alternate WWII-inspired future.",The Grand Finale of the greatest adventure! Decide the fate of a civilization in this triumphant final chapter to the Myst saga. Embark on an epic journey into the heart of a shattered empire as the only explorer who can still save it— or destroy it with the wrong choices.,"Endless Space is a turn-based 4X strategy game, covering the space colonization age in the Endless universe, where you can control every aspect of your civilization as you strive for galactic dominion.",The London to Brighton Expansion Pack recreates the whole 50 miles from London Victoria to Brighton and includes the Class 377 Electrostar.,The BR143 Add-On offers one of the most accurate and involving locomotive driving experiences currently available for Train Simulator 2012.,"The Robinson O4 is a workhorse from the days of British steam, and you can now drive this faithful old ‘kettle’ in Train Simulator.","The ICE 3 is a fantastic new-generation high speed train introduced in 2000, and now you can take on the challenge of driving this serious train yourself!","Drive the Queen aboard the Royal Train to her Jubilee Celebrations, pulled by the Class 67 Diesel Electric locomotive.","Sherman Hill is a fantastic North American freight route, and now you can be the engineer on your own trains on this great railroad line in Train Simulator.",The 4CIG is a classic ‘slam door’ electric multiple unit and is now available in Southern livery with scenarios for the London to Brighton Expansion Pack.,"The Munich to Augsburg line is a fantastic German high-speed railway line for Train Simulator, complete with ICE 3 high-speed trains.","The London and North Eastern Railway’s mixed traffic Thompson B1 Class locomotive is now available for Train Simulator, and includes scenarios specially created for the popular Woodhead Line.Designed by Edward Thompson, chief mechanical engineer for the LNER, the prototype for the new 4-6-0 ‘B Class’ (later classified as ‘B1 Class’) was...",The Southern Pacific Cab Forward is a classic oil-burner from the glory days of US Steam.,The Hunslet LNER/BR J94 saddle tank from Meshtools is now available for Train Simulator,"The Hunslet J94 ‘Austerity’ tank locomotive is now available for Train Simulator, complete with the Maerdy Valley colliery mini-route and advanced steam simulation features. The J94 was introduced in 1937 as the Hunslet Class 50550, general purpose 0-6-0 saddle tank locomotive.","The re-engineered, multi-purpose Class 57 locomotive in special Rail Tours livery, with scenarios created for the Settle-Carlisle route, is now available for Train Simulator.Rebuilt from the Class 47, the Class 57s entered service in 1997 and are affectionately known as ‘Bodysnatchers’ or ‘Zombies’, by virtue of their modification from...",The F40PH California Zephyr brings together one of the most famous names and one of the most recognisable shapes in US railroading for Train Simulator!,"The Class 33 ‘Crompton’ is a classic British Rail Southern Region diesel locomotive, and is ready to get to work for you in Train Simulator. The Class 33 first appeared in British Rail Green livery in 1960 and was deployed in the south east.",The European Community Asset Pack is aimed at users creating and using independently developed content.,"The Great Western Main Line from Oxford to Paddington is a bustling thoroughfare, taking passengers and freight from the west of England into London",The Somerset and Dorset Joint Railway (S&amp;amp;DJR) is a fondly remembered name in the minds of steam fans everywhere,The East Coast Main Line is familiar to millions of British travellers as the main connection from London to Edinburgh,"The Ruhr-Sieg line is a wonderful German route that includes passenger and freight trains and a choice of diesel, electric and steam locomotives.",The US Community Asset Pack is aimed at users creating and using independently developed content.,The Baldwin Centipede was one of the more unusual and heavy diesel locomotives in US railroading history.,The EMD SD45 was one of the first standard North American diesel locomotives to use a 20 cylinder diesel engine.,A small but tough switching locomotive for the Horseshoe Curve.,A Union Pacific Railroad switcher for the Cajon Pass.,"The Class 390 is a modern classic, and you can experience the speed of this powerful tilting express train from the driver’s seat in Train Simulator.","The Class 158 Express Sprinter is a familiar site to people across Britain, and this classic DMU (diesel multiple unit) is ideal for running passenger services on your UK routes in Train Simulator. The Class 158 was introduced by British Rail in 1989 as part of the programme to replace ageing heritage DMUs still in service.","The fantastic S-2 Class ‘Berkshire’ is a wonderful US steam locomotive and now available for Train Simulator in two preserved representations of these stunning models.The New York, Chicago and St Louis Railroad, popularly known as the Nickel Plate Road, is famous for its powerful and beautiful Berkshire locomotives, so called due to...","This DLC is only available to purchase in the USA.The SP&amp;amp;S E-1 Class ‘Northerns’ add a touch of nostalgia to Train Simulator – jump in the cab and recreate that 1930s West Coast flavour.After many years of operating second-hand locomotives, the Spokane, Portland and Seattle Railway (SP&amp;amp;S) was granted permission by its parent...","The mighty Union Pacific Challenger 4-6-6-4 is now available for Train Simulator, featuring four exciting and challenging scenarios specially created for the Sherman Hill route.The stiff gradients of the Wasatch Mountains demanded newer, more powerful and efficient locomotives, leading to Union Pacific’s chief engineers to design a...","The world-famous A1 Tornado is a favourite of train fans around the world, and you can proudly drive this fantastic locomotive yourself in Train Simulator. Designed by Arthur H Peppercorn, of the London &amp;amp; North Eastern Railway (LNER).","The Southern Pacific GS-4 is one of the United States’ most iconic steam locomotives, and these colourful steamers are available for you to drive in Train Simulator.Southern Pacific ordered a total of 28 Class GS-4 (&amp;quot;Golden State&amp;quot;) locomotives from Lima Locomotive Works, with streamlined Daylight livery.","The Class 380 electric multiple unit is a great modern image British train, and runs on the Glasgow Airport Rail Link route (also available for Train Simulator). A total of 38 Class 380 sets were ordered for introduction on electrified routes in Scotland. The 38 units comprise a total of 130 vehicles forming a mixture of 3 and 4 car sets.","The SD40-2 High Nose is a classic US diesel locomotive for Train Simulator 2012, and a great add-on for fans of the Norfolk Southern Railroad.",The EMD SD40-2W is a Canadian-market version of the SD40-2 diesel-electric locomotive.,"The Union Pacific Railroad’s Big Boy 4-8-8-4 steam locomotive is undoubtedly the beast of American railroading history, and this epitome of heavy haulage is now available for Train Simulator with a number of challenging scenarios for the Sherman Hill route.","The SD70ACe is a powerful modern US diesel locomotive, and you can drive this terrific hauler in both modern and heritage colour schemes in Train Simulator","The Flying Scotsman is one of the most famous locomotives in the world, and you can drive this beautiful steamer on your own railway lines.",The Class 170 Turbostar is a great modern passenger train which is perfectly at home on any UK Train Simulator route.,"The SD70 Volume 2 add-on includes SD70 ACe, SD70MAC and SD70M-2 versions of this modern US freight hauler for Train Simulator.","The Class 111 is a classic example of a British ‘heritage’ DMU, and is ideal for recreating the early days of diesel passenger services in Train Simulator. The Class 111 is a 2-car DMU (diesel multiple unit) with twin Rolls Royce engines and a 4-speed manual transmission, which is accurately recreated in this add-on to allow you to...","The SW1500 is a classic example of a US yard switcher, and the different colour schemes and variants.","The Class 67 is a very distinctive UK freight locomotive which can also turn its hand to passenger work, and now you can take control of this powerhouse in Train Simulator.","Beautifully modelled with highly accurate controls and cab features, the 56xx tank locomotive is one of the most realistic steam driving experiences available for Train Simulator.The origins of the 56xx Class locomotive lie among the coal mines of South Wales, where the 0-6-2 locomotive configuration was proved to handle the...",The EMD GP9 is a great road switcher which can find a home on any of your US routes in Train Simulator.,"The Type 4 Class 50 ‘Hoovers’ were an express passenger locomotive that worked on much of the UK’s railway network, and is now available for Train Simulator.Fifty of the Class were built in the late 1960s by English Electric at Vulcan Foundry Works and were exclusively used on the then non-electrified West Coast Main Line between Crewe,...","The Class 325 is a striking dual-mode electric train, ideal for high-speed mail haulage in Train Simulator.",The ICE 1 is a ground-breaking German high-speed train which delivers real performance for drivers around the world in Train Simulator.,The Class 31 is a classic British workhorse just waiting to get to work in Train Simulator.,The Class 86 add-on brings classic British electric traction to Train Simulator.,"Avernum is a land underground, a subterranean nation full of rogues, misfits, and brigands, struggling for survival in the monster-infested darkness.","Tryst is a competitive Real Time Strategy Game that provides a unique, fast paced spin to the established strategy model.",The Survival DLC adds the following to Tryst: New Game Mode (Survival) - Team up with a friend and hold your own against regular waves of enemies on the new map - The Construct. New Maps - Conquer two new maps: The Molten Passes and Obscurum.,"The American Colonies, 1775. As a Native American assassin fights to protect his land and people, he will ignite the flames of a young nation’s revolution.","The Hidden Secrets Pack for Assassin's Creed® III adds three extra missions for an additional hour of gameplay, taking you from the Lost Mayan Ruins to the high seas. Every success is rewarded with an in-game weapon!","The next game in the BAFTA-winning series featuring all the official drivers, teams and circuits from the 2012 FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP™.","Omerta - City of Gangsters is a simulation game with tactical turn-based combat. Taking the role of a fresh-from-the-boat immigrant, with dreams of the big life, the player will work his way up the criminal hierarchy of 1920’s Atlantic City.","This time we let you, our community, vote on the character classes and costumes for our Holiday costume pack! So… get ready to celebrate St. Patrick’s Day with these awesome player-chosen costume winners!","Assembled long ago by a master mechanic within the depths of Sky City, the Series EV automaton has been powered back to life and is ready for action! By placing down an array of powerful Electronic Beams of any length, EV can decimate enemy forces. The longer the length of the beam the more Defense Units each costs to build.","Venture into the ancient ruins of the Karathiki Jungles to discover Dungeon Defenders first 6-player co-op map, the Amazon Barbarian tribe and more! This DLC also includes access to the Karathiki Competitive Tower Defense Mission, where you can compete with up 6 heroes (3 on a team) to see who can defend the longest against an onslaught...",An isolated Moraggan outpost has now become a warzone as the horde lays siege to its Eternia Crystals...,"A mysterious visitor from the Crystalline dimension, the Summoner has decided to wage his own war across Etheria! With two pets by his side, the Summoner can form minions out of sentient crystal and build an army to follow his every command!","Among the sparkling gemstones of Talay, a set of long-buried Eternia Crystals have been unearthed. But the volcanic activity of the mine is rapidly rising and its imminent eruption threatens to destroy both friend and foe. Protect the Eternia Crystals from the horde as you contend with the dangers of the mine itself!","A sly trickster born in a whimsical realm of chaos, the Jester's abilities are shrouded in mystery. She can quickly turn the tide of battle by using any weapon and can deceive enemies with 'presents' that explode to reveal random defenses and bonuses.","Enter the world of the Outsider in Dishonored: Dunwall City Trials, the first add-on pack for the critically-acclaimed first-person action game by Arkane Studios. Your combat, stealth and mobility skills will be put to the test as you make your way through 10 distinct maps that feature a variety of challenges.","The Knife of Dunwall take on the role of Daud, the legendary assassin who killed the Empress.","5 years after the events of the award winning original, the Sith are on the verge of crushing the Old Republic. As a lone Jedi, will you follow the light side or succumb to the dark?","A modern take on the classic arcade game, Lunar Lander, Lunar Flight extends the experience to a fully fictionalized and accessible lunar module simulator","The famed writer Nathaniel Hawthorne has died during a freak snow storm, and his ghost has come to you, asking for help. There’s more to this case than first appears, and only you can help free his spirit. Why was it snowing in May?","Down by the deep and muddy Mississippi, something’s not right. A ghostly riverboat brings to light a new conspiracy for players to unravel in this all-new Midnight Mystery. Mark Twain’s ghost has come to you seeking help from an evil that has been stalking him in the afterlife.","Famed illusionist Harry Houdini knew he wouldn’t escape death forever. When he promised his wife that he would try to reach her from the afterlife, it was seen as the ultimate stunt But after years of séances, Bess was never able to reach Harry in this life or the next, and her spirit has come to you in a final plea to reunite her with...","Colour Bind is a physics platform-puzzler set in an abstract world where gravity is determined not by mass, but by colour.","Experience an amazing adventure in one of the most fascinating universes! Amidst conspiracy and betrayal, try to survive the orchestrated machinations around the Iron Throne.","Travel beyond the Wall, 10 years prior to the events of Game of Thrones! Plunge into the dark past of Mors Westford and delve deep into Wildling territory in a perilous mission… that same mission where Mors earned his nickname.","In the Steam Weapon pack, access 14 exclusive weapons (swords, axes, hammers, shields, crossbows…) with unique characteristics and styles. These rare weapons of prestigious origin are offered by a traveling merchant found in Castleblack, King’s Landing, and Riverspring.",Turn Mors’ dog into a real killing machine with the DLC: DOG PACK! With these 2 alternative skins – the God’s Eye Mastiff and the Dornish Hound – Mors’ dog will hunt your enemies with style!,"Apotheon is a heroic action game set within the vibrant world of Ancient Greek Mythology. Ascend Mount Olympus, wrestle the divine powers from the Pantheon of Gods, and save mankind.",Add the “Act Of War” red and white deck and the “Sky and Scale” green and blue deck to your arsenal. Contains two 60-card decks.,"Seeking to expand your mastery and defeat your foes? This Magic 2013 deck pack includes two brand-new decks for Campaign and Multiplayer play. Wield the spirits, shades, and life-sapping magic in the white and black “Grim Procession” deck to show opponents that their defeat is inevitable. The end is nigh!","Seeking to expand your mastery and defeat your foes? This Magic 2013 deck pack includes two brand-new decks for Campaign and Multiplayer play. The blue and black “Rogues’ Gallery” deck disrupts your enemies’ plans with spells, then summons stealthy mages and shadowy undead to deliver the killing blows.","The fully unlocked “Act of War” deck. The horns sound. To war! With the red and white “Act of War” deck, your heroes will cut a path to the enemy’s door. If they stumble, cast tide-turning spells to light their way! Additional content for Magic 2013. Requires Deck Pack 1.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in “Act of War” red and white deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2013. Requires Deck Pack 1.","The fully unlocked &quot;Rogue's Gallery&quot; blue and black deck. Manipulate and infiltrate with the blue and black “Rogues’ Gallery” deck. Disrupt your enemies’ plans with spells, then summon stealthy mages and shadowy undead to deliver the killing blows. Additional content for Magic 2013. Requires Deck Pack 3.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in &quot;Rogue's Gallery&quot; blue and black deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2013. Requires Deck Pack 3.","The fully unlocked “Berserker Rage” deck. Surge to victory with the red and green “Berserker Rage” deck. Summon formidable monsters, and when opponents let their guard down, use might magic to double their size! Additional content for Magic 2013. Requires Deck Pack 2.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in “Berserker Rage” red and green deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2013. Requires Deck Pack 2.","The fully unlocked “Grim Procession” deck. Wield the spirits, shades, and life-sapping magic in the white and black “Grim Procession” deck to show opponents that their defeat is inevitable. The end is nigh! Additional content for Magic 2013. Requires Deck Pack 2.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in “Grim Procession” white and black deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2013. Requires Deck Pack 2.",The fully unlocked “Sky and Scale” deck. Hold your ground and rule the skies with this green and blue deck. “Sky and Scale” starts slow and steady but wins by summoning titanic flying creatures to end your foes’ hopes. Additional content for Magic 2013. Requires Deck Pack 1.,"Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in “Sky and Scale” green and blue deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2013. Requires Deck Pack 1.","The fully unlocked “Mana Mastery” five-color deck. Wield all five colors of magic with the “Mana Mastery” deck. A pentacolor array of spells will help you keep the battlefield clear while you set the stage for towering, indomitable creatures! Additional content for Magic 2013. Requires Deck Pack 3.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in “Mana Mastery” five-color deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2013. Requires Deck Pack 3.",Mad Riders delivers the ultimate off-road racing experience for thrill seekers and fans of wheel-to-wheel action!,"The Mad Riders™ are back for more action… in Africa! Compete in two exclusive championships across Zambia, unlock all-new vehicles, and defy your friends online across 10 exotic races!","Bullet-hell, boss-battle, first-person shooter, with giant-robots, martinis and jetpacks. YES. Drink the cocktails. Fight the titans. Make your own Titans. Drink your friend's cocktails.","Assemble your crew, take to the skies in the premier PvP airship combat game. Guns of Icarus Online is all about flying massive airships, shooting big turret weapons, and working as a team for supremacy of the skies. Everyone as one, victory or death, together.",The long awaited dream match-up between the two titans of fighting is here!,"Armed with only your wits and a pair of Stealthing Goggles, it’s your job to sneak your way through a deadly facility that’s determined to extinguish your fragile little life.","This is the full soundtrack to fast-paced tactical sneak-‘em-up Stealth Bastard Deluxe, composed by Ricky Honmong. This release contains extended versions of all the tracks in the game, plus a few tracks from the original Stealth Bastard prototype thrown in! All 24 tracks are brought to you in high-quality MP3 format.","Some days, life as a working clone starts to get you down. A daily grind that sometimes quite literally involves the grinding of your limbs and organs between whirring blades can start to feel like a real drag.","Help Sherlock Holmes, the famed detective, investigate the legend of a supernatural hound on the fog-shrouded moorland in England of the 19th century. Immerse yourself into the dangerous world of diabolical curse and discover the truth of the monstrous creature.",Test your skills in this light-hearted battle between friends! Heroic teams have gathered to engage in friendly contests on the Academy playfields. Will your team emerge triumphant?,"You choose how to play, and the world of Environ adapts around you.",Step into the sturdy boots of McJagger and take on an army of the undead!,7 Original background music tracks featured in All Zombies Must Die!,"A dark visual mystery novel featuring transhumanism, traditional marriage, loneliness, and cosplay. Two pursuable characters. Five endings. Welcome to the future.","30+ minutes of original music composed by Isaac Schankler for Christine Love's Analogue: A Hate Story, plus bonus tracks of stuff that was too weird to make it into the actual game!Prologue 01:25Hyun-ae (Innocence) 02:51Mute (Mischief) 03:43Terminal Calm 01:33The Reactor 03:15Terminal Intensity 01:38Hyun-ae (Cheer) 01:34Mute (Rescue)...","Dungeonbowl ups the danger of the American Football inspired sport by adding exploding chests, teleporters, lava and other traps in dangerous dungeons!","Little Cars, BIG Fun! Start your engines!",Immerse yourself in massive fleet battles where your dog-fighting skills will directly affect the fate of the cosmos.,"The sounds of Strike Suit Zero, composed and arranged by Paul Ruskay (Homeworld), with vocals from Kokia (Tales of Innocence, Origins: Spirits of the Past) and instrumental accompaniment from The Midival Punditz.","The Art of Strike Suit Zero 39 pages packed with environments, characters and craft from the world of Strike Suit Zero, with accompanying comments from the art team. The book features technical drawings and artwork from Junji Okubo, including alternative Strike Suits and the original concepts for its design.","Five battles. Five heroes. The history of the mysterious Black Fleet revealed. The war is over, but your training is just beginning. Enter the U.N.E. Training simulator and relive five heroic moments from the U.N.E./Colonial War. A new A.I. - Control V2.","Roller Coaster Rampage introduces an innovative approach, and a specialized procedural coaster engine that allows players to build coasters in real-time as they ride them.","When technology meets Cthulhu!Magrunner: Dark Pulse is an action-puzzle game in which technology confronts the Cthulhu Mythos, as imagined by author, H. P. Lovecraft.You are Dax, one of seven Magrunners selected among the elite to participate in MagTech Corporation's space training program.","Choose between different factions, with their own set of expendable soldiers, mechas, and weapons. Protect your brain, mine gold, and destroy the enemy cortex in his bunker complex!","Fieldrunners is now available on Steam! Download it now to play the hit tower defense game critics and fans have been raving about. Descend into the world of Fieldrunners, the most anticipated and visually stunning game in tower defense history!","Do you have what it takes to survive the Realms of Ancient War?Take control of a fearsome Warrior, a powerful Wizard or a Rogue, and plunge into a grand quest full of action!Key Features:The explosive Hack’n’Slash (action/role-playing game) R.A.","Cannon Fodder 3 is a tactical action game, which inherited the style and traditions of the original game. The war goes on and its scale is nearly the same as before. 500 conscripts are sent to meet their destiny. What awaits them? A general's stars or a bed of honor?",Original music featured in Darwinia by DMA-SC and Trash80.,Remixed from the original in-game music that resulted in DEFCON receiving a choice award nomination for Best Audio in 2008,"Splice is an experimental and artistic puzzler. Immerse yourself in its microbial world and start splicing! Every level (""strand"") consists of a number of cells that you will need to rearrange into a target structure in several moves (""splices"").","Algorithms and Angelology is the second soundtrack album to be released for Splice featuring music tracks from the 4 Epilogue sequences, plus a bonus track! Tracklist: Ariadne Ganymede Phylonoe Daedalus Reflection Songs will be placed in the Splice folder of the Steam install directory.","Algorithms and Angelology is the second soundtrack album to be released for Splice featuring music tracks from the 4 Epilogue sequences, plus a bonus track! Tracklist: Ariadne Ganymede Phylonoe Daedalus Reflection Songs will be placed in the Splice folder of the Steam install directory.","This witty, wacky, turn-based strategy game is now available for Steam. In Highborn, you’re treated to a strategy game that offers an intelligent, tactical experience without the frenetic play of a traditional RTS.","Take firefights to a futuristic new level in Blacklight: Retribution, a free-to-play FPS. See through walls with the HRV, deploy mechanized Hardsuits, and customize your weapons to dominate the opposition.","Triple Town is an award-winning original puzzle game in which you try to grow the greatest possible city. The larger the city you build, the more points you score. You build your city by matching three or more game-pieces: combine three grasses to make a bush, three bushes to make a tree...","Rumor has it that after becoming drenched in blood during a fight with Devil Jin, Ryu is transformed by the Devil Gene.","Ken dresses up as his son's favorite Super Hero, Bokori Man. But there's a striking resemblance to Lars...?!",The First Lady of Fighting shows off a softer side with this adorable panda outfit. Fans of Chun-Li and pandas won't want to miss out!,Cammy shows off her love of cats with this leopard motif costume. It would seem that Cammy has become one of King's fans...,"Rumor has it the military has been working together with the G Corporation to develop a stronger, faster Guile based on JACK-X...?!","Rumor has it that in the hopes of one day stepping into the ring with Armor King, Abel puts in a special order for a new costume.","Rumor has it that the spirit of Heihachi's father, Jinpachi Mishima, reaches out to Dhalsim. Dhalsim himself undergoes a transformation as he channels the legendary warrior.","Rumor has it that Sagat defeated Dragunov, who had come to assassinate him. Sagat took his uniform as a token of his victory.","Rumor has it that as a first step to creating his utopia, Rolento planned a takeover of Raven's organization. Although he was successful, a subsequent restructuring resulted in Rolento becoming a minor agent.",Ibuki's latest assignment has her joining the Manji Clan. She's added an accessory to the outfit to remind her of Don-chan.,A transformation brought about by the Devil Gene has lured out Poison's wild side.,"Rumor has it that during a recent trip to Japan, Hugo became friends with the retired sumo wrestler Ganryu. Hugo decided to give sumo a try, and this is his wrestling outfit. Check out Hugo's new hairstyle!","Somewhere within a dream, Rufus dances with the angels among the clouds...",Many people didn't believe Zangief when he said he trained by wrestling bears. He made this outfit to prove them wrong.,"Vega, interested in Japan, the birthplace of the ninja, fashioned himself a new mask based on the Manji Clan. Of course, he also had to come up with some new threads to match.","""Rumor has it that after defeating Steve in a fight, Balrog decided to dress up as him to further mock his fallen adversary. Note: This add-on is exclusive content for STREET FIGHTER X TEKKEN.","Rumor has it that Bison became intrigued by Bryan's unique abilities. Taking over his body, the result is...?!","Rumor has it that after defeating Zafina who was sent to assassinate her, Juri took on her appearance in order to infiltrate the enemy camp.","While training under a waterfall, Akuma somehow takes on the appearance of Heihachi...","Rumor has it that in order to discover Guile's secrets, Kazuya plotted to take over a certain country's air force. However, things didn't quite go as planned as he ended up becoming a regular soldier.",Rumor has it that Nina might be working for... Rolento's army?!,"For a work-study program at school, Asuka was sent to a certain ninja village. Does Asuka have what it takes to learn the ninja arts from Ibuki?!","Rumor has it that In order to avoid her father's vigilant surveillance, Lili took on a different look. However, she's taken a liking to this outfit... which bears a striking resemblance to Poison...","Rumor has it that Heihachi taught Sodom, formerly of the Mad Gear Gang, how to truly appreciate Japanese culture. As a sign of thanks, Sodom sent him this outfit.",Word on the street is that Kuma has joined R.Mika's wrestling league. Apparently this was the only costume they had that would fit him!,Rumor has it that Paul became friends with Rufus due to their love of motorcycles. Rufus gave him these clothes for his next ride.,"Rumor has it that with Law's restaurant engaged in a bitter rivalry with El Fuerte's, Law decided to up the ante by becoming the Masked Chinese Martial Artist Chef!","Rumor has it that while teaming up with the up and coming martial artist Alex, King put in a special order for some new threads.","Rumor has it that while teaming up with Hugo, Marduk decided a slight wardrobe change was in order.","Rumor has it that after listening to Dee Jay's newest single, Hwoarang has become a big fan. He gets the clothes and the hair to match!","Rumor has it that after a bout a few years ago, Steve received a present from a friend of Guile's who was deeply impressed with his boxing style.",Rumor has it that Bob was impressed by Ryu's never-ending dedication to the fight. He decided to pay the original world warrior homage with a special outfit.,Rumor has it that Julia and Chun-Li became friends through studying Chinese kempo together. Chun-Li gave Julia these clothes as a gift.,"Rumor has it that after defeating Bison in a fight, Yoshimitsu took the Psycho Power as his own.",Rumor has it that Raven impersonated Guy in order to infiltrate the Bushinryu dojo and learn its secrets.,Rumor has it that the mysterious agent C.Viper was investigating the Mishima Zaibatsu when she was captured. Jin took an interest in her battle suit and had the Mishima Zaibatsu fashion one for his personal use.,"Rumor has it that when Chun-Li came to arrest Jin, Xiaoyu felt jealous and insecure compared to the more mature Chun-Li. She took on a new look to prove that she can be just as appealing as the Interpol detective.","Rumor has it that Ogre obtained power from Gill, the leader of a secret organization. The power has transformed him...",A pack featuring the swap costumes for the 19 Street Fighter characters. The SF cast take on the look of Tekken characters with these new outfits. Characters Included: Ryu Ken Chun-Li Cammy Guile Abel Dhalsim Sagat Rolento Ibuki Poison Hugo Rufus Zangief Vega Balrog Bison Juri...,A pack featuring the swap costumes for the 19 Tekken characters. The TK cast takes on the look of the Street Fighter characters with these new outfits.Characters Included:Kazuya Nina Asuka Lili Heihachi Kuma Paul Law King Marduk Hwoarang Steve Bob Julia Yoshimitsu Raven Jin Xiaoyu...,"These 7 basic Assist Gems are sure to be a big hit with novices! These Assist Gems can be used by all characters. Gain some great new abilities, such as easier special moves when used together! Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the...","This 10 Gem pack is great for battle veterans. These Assist Gems can be used by all characters. When used together, it will be easier to perform cancel moves! Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the Store, or from Gem Unit in the Customize...","the 1st release of Season 1, this pack includes 10 Boost Gems exclusively for Street Fighter characters. Equip these Gems and fulfill certain conditions for increased defensive capabilities. Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the Store,...","In the 2nd release of Season 1, this pack includes 10 Boost Gems exclusively for Street Fighter characters. Equip these Gems and fulfill certain conditions for increased speed. Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the Store, or from Gem...","In the 1st release of Season 1, this pack includes 10 Boost Gems exclusively for Tekken characters. Equip these Gems and fulfill certain conditions for increased attack power. Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the Store, or from Gem Unit...","In the 2nd release of Season 1, this pack includes 10 Boost Gems exclusively for Tekken characters. Equip these Gems and fulfill certain conditions for increased speed. Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the Store, or from Gem Unit in the...","In the 3rd release of Season 1, this pack includes 10 Boost Gems exclusively for Street Fighter characters. Equip these Gems and fulfill certain conditions for increased attack damage. Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the Store, or from...","In the 4th release of Season 1, this pack includes 10 Boost Gems exclusively for Street Fighter characters. Equip these Gems and fulfill certain conditions for increased attack damage. Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the Store, or from...","In the 5th release of Season 1, this pack includes 10 Boost Gems exclusively for Street Fighter characters. Equip these Gems and fulfill certain conditions for increased speed. Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the Store, or from Gem...","In the 6th release of Season 1, this pack includes 10 Boost Gems exclusively for Street Fighter characters. Equip these Gems and fulfill certain conditions for increased defensive capabilities. Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the...","In the 2nd release of Season 2, this pack includes 10 Boost Gems exclusively for Street Fighter characters. Includes Gems for fighting against Pandora and Gems for instantaneous vitality recovery. Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the...","In the 3rd release of Season 1, this pack includes 10 Boost Gems exclusively for Tekken characters. Equip these Gems and fulfill certain conditions for increased defensive capabilities. Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the Store, or...","In the 4th release of Season 1, this pack includes 10 Boost Gems exclusively for Tekken characters. Equip these Gems and fulfill certain conditions for increased defensive capabilities. Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the Store, or...","In the 5th release of Season 1, this pack includes 10 Boost Gems exclusively for Tekken characters. Equip these Gems and fulfill certain conditions for increased speed. Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the Store, or from Gem Unit in the...","In the 6th release of Season 1, this pack includes 10 Boost Gems exclusively for Tekken characters. Equip these Gems and fulfill certain conditions for increased attack power. Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the Store, or from Gem Unit...","In the 1st release of Season 2, this pack includes 10 Boost Gems exclusively for Tekken characters. These Gems activate upon performing throw escapes, reversals, and other counter-attacks. Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the Store, or...","In the 2nd release of Season 2, this pack includes 10 Boost Gems exclusively for Tekken characters. Includes Gems for fighting against Pandora as well as Gems for instantaneous vitality recovery. Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the...","This 3 Gem pack is great for battle veterans. These Assist Gems can be used by all characters. These Gems will raise the strength percentage of Boost Gems! Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the Store, or from Gem Unit in the Customize...","This 4 Gem pack is great for battle veterans. These Assist Gems can be used by all characters. They're sure to give you the winning edge in battle! Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the Store, or from Gem Unit in the Customize menu.","This Gem is great for intermediate and advanced players. This Assist Gem can be used by all characters. Extend the active time of the Cross Assault! Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the Store, or from Gem Unit in the Customize menu.","This 10 Gem pack is great for intermediate or advanced players. These Assist Gems can be used by all characters. These Gems have some great new abilities - customize them to match your play style! Note: If you would like to see the effects of the Gems individually before purchase, you can view them in-game from the Gem List within the...","6 Street Fighter and 6 Tekken characters join the battle, for a total of 12 new fighters!","Autumn is quickly approaching, and the spirits of fallen leaves are setting out on their journey home. Guide them by changing how the wind blows or by rebuilding the ground.","Rocksmith™ is the first and only game that lets you play with any real electric or bass guitar to learn while you play. Nothing plastic, nothing fake, just the most authentic and complete guitar experience in music gaming. By plugging into your PC, you’ll develop real skills and real style while playing real music.",Unearth Sinister Secrets in an Ancient Egyptian Tomb!,,"Combining the strategy elements of turn-based games with the action of a shooter, this is a rare hybrid that offers an all new gameplay experience. Are you ready to enter the Fray?",Revisit the two-dimensional battlefields of Swords and Soldiers in a brand-new single-player campaign! Take control of Chief Meat and command his troops on their journey to the annual Super Saucy Sausage Fest holding a grand prize of 1000 cows.,"The #1 mobile game of all time blasts off into space! Play over 300 interstellar levels across 10 planets! Whether it’s the icy orbs of Cold Cuts, the volcanic explosiveness of Red Planet, Utopia – a planet made entirely of junk food, or the new Brass Hogs episode ruled by evil Hektor Porko, each episode offers intergalactic fun at every...","Rebellion brings you the ultimate mission for the ultimate sniping game – ""Kill Hitler!"" You have the leader of the Nazi war machine in your sights and one clear shot. Do you have the skill and nerve to take that shot?",Sanctum 2 is the sequel to the world’s first Tower Defense/FPS hybrid game. Pick from four unique character classes and embark on a mission to protect the oxygen-producing Cores from hordes of deadly aliens who are threatened by their existence.,Enhance your Crusader Kings II experience with these unique unit graphics for the African states south of the Sahara: Nubia Abyssinia Mali Songhay Ghana,"Songs of the Caliph contains two new songs, totaling 11 minutes. Composed by the talented Andreas Waldetoft, these songs are used while playing as Muslim rulers in the Sword of Islam expansion.","Enhance your Crusader Kings II experience with these historically accurate shields. The Dynasty Shields Pack contains the insignias of 50 famous families from Medieval Europe. Some of the families included are de Genève, Batatzes, Orsini, Kotromanic, Argyros, Basarab and more.","The second expansion for the critically praised strategy-RPG Crusader Kings II focuses on the Byzantine Empire. In the rich political world of Byzantium, the vassals have been scheming. They have split into factions and they are banding together to revolt against your rule.","Enhance your Crusader Kings II Experience with the Byzantine Unit Pack. The Byzantine Unit Pack adds unique unit graphics in the Byzantine Empire and other Greek, Armenian or Georgian states. Crusader Kings II explores one of the defining periods in world history in an experience crafted by the masters of Grand Strategy.","Enhance your Crusader Kings II Experience with the African Portraits pack. African Portraits adds thousands of unique face combinations to both male and female characters in the African states south of the Sahara. This includes Nubia, Abyssinia, Mali, Songhay and Ghana.",Enhance your Crusader Kings II Experience with the Mediterranean Portraits pack. Mediterranean Portraits adds new clothing and thousands of unique face combinations for both male and female characters while playing as Mediterranean Nations.,Enhance your Crusader Kings II Experience with the Russian Unit Pack. The Russian Unit Pack adds unique unit graphics for the Russian and Alan cultures. Crusader Kings II explores one of the defining periods in world history in an experience crafted by the masters of Grand Strategy.,Enhance your Crusader Kings II Experience with the Russian Portraits pack. Russian Portraits adds new clothing and thousands of unique face combinations for both male and female characters while playing Russian and Alan characters.,"Songs of Byzantium contains three new songs, totaling more than 10 minutes, composed by the talented Andreas Waldetoft. These songs give more depth to your game playing experience as you play characters in the Byzantine Empire and other Greek, Armenian or Georgian states.","It is the late 13th century and Europe is still reeling from the all-conquering Mongol Hordes. Just as the Lords of the West breathe a sigh of relief, another threat looms on the horizon. Strange ships bearing winged serpents and grinning skulls, symbols never before seen in the known world, have been sighted all along the Atlantic coast.","Crusader Kings II: Songs of the Rus DLC contains three new songs, totaling almost 10 minutes, composed by the talented Andreas Waldetoft. These songs run while playing a Russian, Bulgarian or Alan ruler.","Enhance your Crusader Kings II experience with the Norse Portraits Pack. The Norse Portraits pack adds thousands of unique face combinations for northern Europe including Sweden, Denmark and Norway. Crusader Kings II explores one of the defining periods in world history in an experience crafted by the masters of Grand Strategy.","Enhance your Crusader Kings II experience with the Norse Unit Pack. The Norse Unit Pack adds unique graphics for countries in northern Europe including Sweden, Denmark and Norway. Expect beards, axes and that pagan feeling to terrify neighboring regions.",The Republic is the third expansion for the critically praised strategy / RPG Crusader Kings II. In The Republic you play as a Patrician in one of the great medieval Merchant Republics. Expand your trade empire as you compete with the other four Patrician families for the coveted position of Doge and the leadership of the Republic.,"Crusader Kings II: Songs of Prosperity DLC contains 3 new songs, totaling almost 10 minutes, composed by the talented Andreas Waldetoft. Listen to these songs while playing as a Republic.",Europe is in turmoil. The land has been fragmented into petty fiefdoms. The Emperor is struggling with the Pope. The Holy Father declares that all who go to liberate the Holy Land will be freed of their sins. Now Is the Time For Greatness…Crusader Kings II: The Old Gods is the fourth expansion for the critically praised strategy/RPG.,"Few know Ashley Harding is the daughter of Benny the Diamond, the East End's most feared underworld boss. But rather than embrace a life of lawlessness and wealth, Harding chose to follow her dream of becoming an officer in the British Army.","The ""Urban Nightmare"" Character Pack adds 4 more new and unique playable characters for Killing Floor as Downloadable Content. Once you have bought the pack, they will become selectable in the character selection screen in-game. Key features: img.","After all the fun we've had over the years listening to people shouting &quot;Money, Money, Money&quot; in game, we thought it only fitting to both pay homage to, and parody all that was wonderful about the boom years of the 1980s. We introduce to you... Harold Lott!",Straight from the talented community modders of the IJC crew comes the first DLC weapon pack for Killing Floor. Featuring a diverse set of new weapons the Community Weapon Pack brings new game play options for your favorite perks.,"The Chickenator - part dead policeman, part robot and all foul. This one is special, in so many ways. Not the least of those is the fact that his robot eye glows in the dark and his chicken suit tends to leave a trail of feathers behind it, just so you know where he's been!","Following on from releasing Horzine's D. Jeffrey Tamm in an earlier DLC pack, here is one of his key creations from Horzine's Robotics Division: the Domestic Assistance Robot (DAR to its friends) (or &quot;DARling&quot; to Dr. Jeff, but that is another story...).","This is one for all those denizens of good taste out there. All those of you who would really, really like to take some classic weapons and bling them out until they sparkle. Go on - you know you want to! Key features: Golden AK47: Take a classic AK. Gold plate every visible piece of metal. Engrave the wood for good measure.","A while back, we set you all the web blingizens up with some golden versions of Killing Floor favorites. Time to expand your bling collection!Key features:Golden AA12: The most powerful shotgun we've got. Full auto. Mag reload. Eats Zeds for breakfast. Now available in the most gorgeous filigreed gold finish!",Mr. Foster has been a firm favorite with Killing Floor fans for years now - but he's been all on his own. So we thought it was about time we introduced you all to... Mrs. Foster!Key features:She was a scarily-successful commodities trader when she interviewed Foster for a job.,Experience an exciting single player storyline where you thwart Loki and his minions from bringing Ragnarok to Midgard.,"You wake up, alone, on a strange island full of puzzles that will challenge and surprise you.",The Great War has begun! The world population capable of functioning is mobilized to serve in the army and the outcome depends on you!,"Commanders, assemble your armies! BATTLE vs. CHESS calls for an interactive feather duster, chartering the successful chess game principle into the present day multimedia world. Animated fantasy figurines assemble in magical worlds and await your command!","A carefully created world with unique environments and an engrossing atmosphere, Unmechanical offers over 30 unique puzzles of exploration and adventure!","Prince Ali has excavated a gold armlet which belonged to a powerful sorcerer. As soon as Ali tried on the armlet, a strange fire with a face appeared and spoke to him. “The power of the gold armlet is now your’s to wield. Find the four spirits this gold armlet governs and stop the evil ambitions of the one with the silver armlet.","Treasure Theatre presents an action-packed puppet show starring Dynamite Headdy, the guy with the coolest head on stage. But trouble lurks backstage with his stage rival Trouble Bruin, and an evil doll named Dark Demon who is plotting to rule the puppet world.","Chaos is spreading across the land once again as the Prince of Darkness arises to conquer the world. To stop him and retrieve the legendary Golden Axe, four heroes step forward to accept the challenge.","Moto, a once peaceful tropical paradise and the shining jewel of the Algo Star System, is facing terrible oppression at the hands of an unknown evil. Strange, vicious creatures infest the countryside and people are afraid to leave their villages.","Just as you’re about to marry Maia, the mysterious woman you found on the shore, a winged dragon grabs her and disappears. This is the tragic start of what seems like a never-ending journey into a world of loathsome creatures and wicked souls that spans three generations.","In the year AW 2284, planet Motavia is once again plagued by strange bio-creatures, and it’s up to the brave men and women of the Hunters Guild to exterminate them. You are Chaz Ashely, a rookie Hunter straight out of training who is supported by Alys Brangwin – a crafty veteran whose good looks and prowess with the blade have earned her...","The mysterious crime boss Mr. X has enlisted the help of Dr. Dahm in creating lifelike robots to replace key city officials, and soon will be able to run the entire city by remote control. Strategically placed bombs are being used to distract the city police while Mr. X deals with the city leaders one by one.","After being reduced to rubble by Joe Musashi, the crime syndicate “Zeed” has made a vengeful return as “Neo Zeed”. Upon re-establishing their mighty crime empire, they assassinated Musashi’s teacher, and kidnapped Naoko, Musashi’s fiancée. Joe Musashi has sworn revenge and set out for the heart of “Neo Zeed”.","A routine sludge barge excursion is cut short when a mysterious missile critically damages VectorMan’s ship. Vectorman escapes destruction and freefalls back to earth, landing on the outskirts of a seemingly abandoned research facility.","Monsters have taken over the land, and every day the citizens fear for their lives, hoping that a hero will step forth and bring peace to the embattled country.",They Bleed Pixels is a fiendishly difficult action platformer inspired by H.P. Lovecraft and classic horror.,Over 2 hours of original music composed by Shaun Hatton (aka DJ Finish Him),"Due to a chemical known as pharGONe, the world has been turned upside down. Battle your way through multiple levels, earning upgrades, competing against your friends and more, and find the truth about what has happened to the world.Use a variety of weapons to stop the mutated population, and save yourself from being another victim.","You have been invited to attend a magical school. You can make new friends, learn spells, face exams, run for class office, and try to find a date for the May Day Ball.",Offspring Fling is a game about a poor forest creature that has misplaced all of her children.,Dark Souls will be the most deeply challenging game you play this year. Can you live through a million deaths and earn your legacy?,"Shuggy has just inherited a castle full of goblins, ghouls, zombies, and robots. Help him clear out over 100 rooms to make his new home liveable again!","RaceRoom is the premier free-to-play racing simulation on PC and home to official race series like DTM, WTCC, and ADAC GT Masters. Enter RaceRoom and enter the world of a professional race car driver.",The Local Justice Pack includes three new maps for Max Payne 3 Multiplayer.,"&amp;quot;The Hostage Negotiation Pack brings four new multiplayer maps, several new items, weapons, Filhos De Ogum avatar faction, and more to Max Payne 3 multiplayer. The Club Moderno and Estádio Do Galatians maps deliver intense nightclub and stadium shootouts, while the O Palácio Strip Club and Favela Heights maps introduce all new,...","Download the Deathmatch Made in Heaven Pack for four new multiplayer modes, weapons, items, burst and new arcade mode. In Dead Men Walking co-op mode, fight waves of enemies as Max and Passos, earning Grit, which is used to unlock new areas of the map, weapons, weapon attachments and ammo.","Wanderlust: Rebirth is an online four player co-op arcade-action RPG set in the fantasy world, Valandria. The heroes are summoned to Westhaven Arena to prove their worth as heroes of old legend. However, things are not as transparent as they first appear, when our heroes are unknowingly set upon a trek to save mankind from an ominous end.","Stalk your prey on the quest for stolen goods with your blackjack, sword, and an assortment of unique arrows. Steal for money and uncover the hidden agendas of your allies and enemies as you play through an unravelling story of deception and revenge.","The ultimate thief is back! Tread softly as you make your way through 15 new complex, non-linear levels full of loot to steal and guards to outsmart. Improved enemy AI, new gadgets and a riveting story will draw you into the world of Thief™ II: The Metal Age, a place of powerful new technologies, fanatical religions and corruption.","Take charge of the most feared special operations forces in the world: the elite British SAS or the US Delta Force squads. You're the best trained, best equipped and best organised. The area that has been assigned to you is yours for the taking. Seek, locate and destroy enemy targets and personnel.","You’ve fled your home, only to find yourself lost in space with a damaged ship. Your only option is to beam down to the planet below and gather the resources you need to repair your ship and set off to explore the...","Conquest of Elysium 3 (CoE3) is a streamlined turn based fantasy strategy game with a touch of rogue-like and the complex undertones of Illwinter's Dominions series. While CoE3 appears to be a simple game with limited options at first glance, delving further into the game reveals a game of complex decision making and risky endeavors.",INCEPTION Part 1 is going back to the roots of the Hacker Evolution games. We have taken the levels from the original Hacker Evolution game and remastered them for the new Hacker Evolution Duality engine. Experience an entirely new game through this DLC as you hack your way through 10 levels.,Extend your gaming experience with 10 new levels contained in this new DLC. The INCEPTION series is going back to the roots of the Hacker Evolution games. The levels from the original Hacker Evolution Untold game have been remastered for the new Hacker Evolution Duality engine.,"The INCEPTION series is going back to the roots of the Hacker Evolution games. The levels from the original Hacker Evolution game have been remastered for the new Hacker Evolution Duality engine. Experience an entirely different game through this DLC as you hack your way through the levels from the original Hacker Evolution game,...",A hyperdrive malfunction sends Keith T. Maxwell tumbling through space and time to fight for his life against a mysterious alien armada that is wreaking havoc.,"Taking its inspiration from ancient Chinese tales of revenge and retribution and then adding a dash of over-the-top martial arts and old school arcade fun, Kung Fu Strike features 28 stages of fast-paced combo-based fighting.","Featuring eight new levels, the Master Levels DLC provide unique challenges for Kung Fu warriors looking to test their skill. The Master Levels also feature endless co-op play for those eager to crush waves of enemies beneath their iron fists. Which duo will rack up the highest score in the world?","When a brilliant particle physicist dies unexpectedly, the race is on to secure his terrible new technology before it falls into the wrong hands. The lives of four playable characters become entangled as they fight against the clock to find the dead scientist’s secret vault.","Star Conflict is an action-packed, massively multiplayer space simulation game that puts players in the role of elite pilots engaging in a widespread interplanetary skirmish. The whole world for PVP and PVE!",A cube of sugar escapes the factories to avoid the fate of being a cookie!,"Dive into stylish, bloody combat with Vindictus, one of the most brutal action RPGs.","The Greek States Culture Pack adds a new playable Culture including three new playable Factions to Total War: ROME II; for use in Single or Multiplayer Campaign modes and Custom and Multiplayer Battles.The Greek States Culture Pack adds diplomatic Athens, shrewd Epirus and formidable Sparta as playable factions.","New users who start a C9 account between now and April 4th, 2013 will receive a free in-game gift.","Compete across land, water and air in incredible transforming vehicles that change from cars to boats to planes mid-race.",Join the world’s greatest fellowship of players in the award-winning online re-creation of J. R. R. Tolkien’s legendary Middle-earth.,"Jump into Super Monday Night Combat's faster paced Turbocross mode with the all new Turbocross Bundle. It includes six of the original Pros from Monday Night Combat, some stylish mustaches, couple of decorative Flair items, and a Combat Credit Boost.",Join an elite team of special-ops soldiers in the globe’s most deadly warzones to hunt down the highest value targets.,"The fight continues with Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Future Soldier™ Arctic Strike Map Pack, as the battle takes you from the streets of Moscow to the far reaches of the Arctic. This all-new downloadable content pack extends your Ghost Recon Future Soldier experience with new multiplayer maps, a new multiplayer mode, a new Guerrilla Mode...","The second downloadable content for Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Future Soldier®, Raven Strike is a throwback to traditional Ghost Recon gameplay. It features larger maps, complex missions and an increased level of difficulty. There are three campaign missions, and a new Guerrilla mode map, each playable with up to four players.","The third downloadable content pack for Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Future Soldier®, Khyber Strike features three new multiplayer maps, a new multiplayer game mode called Takeover, a new Guerrilla Mode co-op map, new achievements, and an increased level cap.",This &amp;quot;spaceship simulation roguelike-like&amp;quot; allows you to take your ship and crew on an adventure through a randomly generated galaxy filled with glory and bitter defeat.,Take control of the Seven Deadly Sins as you forge your destiny on a quest to troll humanity.,"This is the Full Soundtrack to the religiously-inspired puzzle-platformer Party of Sin, composed by Blake Allen. All tracks featured in the game are included in high-quality MP3 format. Relive your adventure as the Seven Deadly Sins from the depths of Hell to the highest reaches of Heaven in this exciting and varied album.",TERA is an epic fantasy MMORPG experience. Master the action-packed combat system and prove yourself in solo and multiplayer adventures – all in the stunningly beautiful world of Arborea!,Live the life of an up-and-coming superstar in this unique football career game. Start out as a 16 year old lad and work your way to the top to become a footballing legend!,"Vlambeer's SUPER CRATE BOX is coming to bring back the glory of the golden arcade age, when all that really mattered was getting on that high score list. Grab your baseball cap and loosen your pants, it's time to fight endless hordes of enemies and collect every weapon crate you can.","The Startling Developments Detective Agency springs into action as On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness 3 begins, set in motion by a call from a mysterious source. The ever escalating perils on the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness will season our tender heroes to their very core!",Transformers™: Fall of Cybertron™ transports you to the final days of the planet Cybertron where you will experience the apocalyptic war between the AUTOBOTS and DECEPTICONS.,"Download the Multiplayer Havoc Pack to get 5 new characters (WHEELJACK, ULTRA MAGNUS, BLAST OFF, PERCEPTOR and ZETA PRIME) for use in Multiplayer.","Download this pack to get 4 new characters (SWOOP, GRIMLOCK, SLUG and SNARL) and their associated parts for use in Multiplayer.","Download this pack to get a host of new characters for Multiplayer (AUTOBOT HOUND, KICKBACK, SHARPSHOT and HARDSHELL). In addition you also get the Generation 2 BRUTICUS colors and 2 unique weapons for use in the single player Campaign (Retro Blaster and Shock Cannon).","The shadow of Lolth has cast darkness over the kingdom of Cormyr where heroes struggle to stem the unrelenting tide of the Drow forces. The hopes of the Realms lie with champions from Eberron, whose world has become entangled in Lolth's schemes, bringing them to Faerun where they will make the final stand against the Queen of the...","New to DDO? Your journey begins here with a special new player offer! The Dungeons &amp;amp; Dragons Online™ Starter Pack includes:Catacombs Adventure Pack: Friar Renau's niece, Marguerite, has disappeared inside the Catacombs. As even more go missing, the Archbishop of the Silver Flame enlists your aid to find out why.",An unnatural darkness looms over the prison city of Wheloon and shadows spread across the land. Uncover the sinister Shar plot that threatens to destroy Cormyr from within and face the full might of the Empire of Netheril in Dungeons &amp;amp; Dragons Online™: Shadowfell Conspiracy!,"Legends Unite! The Dynamic Duo of Batman and Robin join other famous super heroes from the DC Universe including Superman, Wonder Woman and Green Lantern to save Gotham City from destruction at the hands of the notorious villains Lex Luthor and the Joker.","Overhaul Games brings MDK2 back to the PC in incredible high definition, with enhanced graphics, sound, and gameplay. See the classic action platformer the way it was meant to be seen, heard, and played... on a PC!Kurt Hectic in his snazzy suit with ribbon chute is back to save the universe. This time he is teamed with the genius Dr.",Purchase the Max Payne 3 Rockstar Pass and get access to all add-on content packs for Max Payne 3 for one discounted price.,"Atooms to Moolecules is a chemistry based puzzle game. In this game you are in a Chemistry lab, your task is to solve different puzzles. You can arrange atoms to make ring, linear, small or big molecules and have fun with them. The game is played in different lab equipment.",Plutonic Repulse is a Defence game with a twist where you play as the point to be defended and your towers are moving creatures in the world whom you nurture a friendship with in order for them to help you in your battle against your obsessive intruders.,"The White Laboratory, created by Tao, is a sandbox style tower defense game about reusing the onslaught of geometric blocks in an abstract world. It explores shapes and combinations for making modular defense towers, whose material are obtained from dead bodied of the enemies.","ThunderWheels is a racing game with a classic top-down perspective plus third and first person view, realistic physics and really fun circuits!It has a very powerful WYSIWYG Terrain Editor and advanced physics.",Experience two unique adventures featuring both long-time heroes and new and returning villains as they battle for the fate of the world!,"Dwarfs!? is an addictive, fast paced arcade-like experience, with plenty of difficulty levels and game modes, in the tradition of great games such as “Lemmings” and “Dwarf Fortress”.","This is the Skirmish Pack for Dwarfs!? It adds in the following 3 extra modes for you to play:Sandbox - here is your chance to create your own caves and populate them with whatever bad guys you feel like!Rush Mode - digger dwarfs will continuously spawn, without pause.","This is the Difficulty Pack for Dwarfs!? If you are REAL Dwarfs-lover, then the Easy and Normal difficulty levels in the Arcade mode just won't be enough for you. You will need more difficulty! So, this add-on is for you - it adds in the following extra difficulty levels (the 5, 15, 30 and 60 minute versions) for you to play in Arcade...","Product description: This is the Endless Mode Pack for Dwarfs!? This one is for all those Dwarfs-lovers who just don't get enough time with their Dwarfs. If you have played the 5-minute game, the 15-minute game, the 30-minute game AND the 60-minute game and still need more time - this is the pack for you.","Given the amount of fun everyone had with the Summer Carnival last year, plus the requests to make it permanently available - here it is! The simple fun of throwing axes at a bunch of goblins. What more can we say!?Key features:Dwarves!With axes!Win gold!Amaze your friends!","This is the Base Defend Pack for Dwarfs!? We know everyone likes a good tower defense style game. Well, this is the Dwarfish take on it. Here, YOU create the maze for the enemies to follow, from up to four enemy spawn points. Well, actually, one of your Dwarfs will create the maze - so you'll want to direct him very carefully each time!","From the perilous battlefields of the fourth-grade playground, a young hero will rise, destined to be South Park’s savior. From the creators of South Park, Trey Parker and Matt Stone, comes an epic quest to become… cool. Introducing South Park™: The Stick of Truth™.For a thousand years, the battle has been waged.","Ignite your spark with Magic 2014 — Duels of the Planeswalkers! With over 12 million fans, discover what makes Magic: The Gathering the world’s premier trading card game.Become a Planeswalker and travel the planes of existence unleashing a torrent of spells and creatures to devastate your opponents.","Chandra Nalaar’s fully unlocked “Firewave” red deck. Chandra Nalaar doesn’t like being kept in the dark, so she lights things up using her pyromancy to get results. Now, hot on the trail of Ramaz, she is ready to turn up the heat and let loose her full power.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Chandra Nalaar’s “Firewave” red deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2014.","The fully unlocked “Masks of the Dimir” deck. On Ravnica, the House Dimir provides covert services that other guilds can’t or won’t, using their secrecy as both weapon and defense. Put yourself in the role of a Dimir secret-broker as you extract information from the minds of others to use as currency for your own gain.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the “Masks of the Dimir” deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2014.",The Dracomancer’s fully unlocked “Enter the Dracomancer” deck. Become a powerful dracomancer and unleash the savagery of dragons on your foe! You have lived within your volcanic fortress learning how to summon the great beasts from hatchlings to hellkites.,"Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the “Enter the Dracomancer” deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2014.","Garruk Wildspeaker’s fully unlocked “Hunter’s Strength” deck. Garruk is a hunter to the core, a planeswalking predator whose hunting ground is the entire Multiverse. Now, you can see your enemies through Garruk’s eyes, sensing their weaknesses and moving in for the kill.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Garruk Wildpeaker’s “Hunter’s Strength” green deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2014.",The fully unlocked “Avacyn’s Glory” deck. Take on the mantle of a knight of Avacyn as you marshal your troops against the forces of darkness. You have sworn to hold the village against all odds and nothing will sway you from your oath.,"Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the “Avacyn’s Glory” deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2014.","Jace Beleren’s fully unlocked “Mind Maze” deck. As a specialist in mind-magic, Jace Beleren uses his abilities to gaze into the minds of others, discovering even closely guarded secrets. See what it takes to master the powers of a mind mage as you control your opponent’s every move and warp their perceptions of time.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Jace Beleren’s “Mind Maze” blue deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2014.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Liliana Vess’s “Deadwalkers” black deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2014.","The fully unlocked “Chant of Mul Daya” deck. Other elf tribes shun the Mul Daya, calling them bone-eaters and death-friends. They converse with spirits and honor the jungle like a god. Put on the shaman’s robes and connect to Zendikar’s life force in a way no one else truly understands.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the ""Chant of Mul Daya” deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2014.","The fully unlocked “Sliver Hive” deck. Know what it feels like to be a part of the hive mind! You have stayed dormant on the plane of Shandalar long enough. Now it is time to unleash your swarm of predators, seekers, and strikers on all who oppose you. Being the Hivemaster, you will feel the synergy that slivers are known for.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the “Sliver Hive” deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2014.","Ajani Goldmane’s fully unlocked “Guardians of Light” deck. Ajani Goldmane wields magic that heals and strengthens his allies so that they can fight the forces of evil. Now he travels the Multiverse seeking out those agreeable to his cause, heroes who seek peace and prosperity and are willing to fight for it.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in Ajani Goldmane’s “Guardians of Light” white deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2014.",Spell Force Digital Extras Includes:Faith in Destiny SoundtrackWorldMap in digital formArtworks Booklet in digital formDigital Extra Content will be placed in your Spell Force 2 - Faith in Destiny folder in the Steam Directory: ...,"Rigonauts is the fantastical building battle game from Engient. Snap together the ultimate vessel and send your crew of Hobs into battle. With a well designed ship and a clever plan, your crew will smash and blast past an assortment of strange and dangerous foes.",Aerofly FS 1 Flight Simulator lets you enter the world of flying in a quality never seen before.,Galactic Civilizations is a space based strategy game in which you are in control of humanity's destiny.,"Divine Divinity is an epic role-playing game with hack-and-slash action, offering a huge world to explore and thousands of items to investigate, trade and use.","Set in a minimalistic stylized universe, Minimum features fast-paced combat with an elaborate blueprint crafting system that pits two teams against each other with their own gigantic robotic Titan. Collect materials from fallen foes and build damaging weapons to become deadlier as matches progress.","Now unlock a completely new game mode &amp;quot;Topscorer&amp;quot; with six maps and a mass of new exciting in-game shop content, such as a new victory dance, costumes and in-game icons! The challenge is set, as each player carries a money bag which can hold $1,000.00 dollars.","The Robbers Tool Kit offers a wealth of new crazy weapons and upgrades, accompanied by a number of different shop items that are instantly unlocked for you. To top it off there are 2 new maps per game mode.","In Deponia, the world has degenerated into a vast garbage dump, in which the crotchety Rufus ekes out his sorry existence.","Tower Wars combines elements of tower defense, RTS, and all-out multi-player mayhem to bring you a completely unique experience, delivered with a fun and funny not-so-old world style!","Feel the adrenaline as you control your unique tank in multiplayer arcade action! Build your ultimate war machine from over a million different combinations. Now, will you go for the rumbling caterpillar tracks or the crawling spider legs?","Based on The Lord of the Rings motion picture trilogy, LEGO® The Lord of the Rings follows the original story-lines of The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King, taking players through the epic story events re-imagined with the humor and endl","The Timebreach expansion for Starpoint Gemini, follows the events immediate after the reopening of the Starpoint.","A beautiful puzzle game for the whole family!Eets Munchies is a reimagining of the award-winning puzzle game by Klei Entertainment. Featuring gorgeous animation and ridiculous creatures, players help an adorable hungry creature devour cake in increasingly devious puzzles.",Ether Vapor Remaster is a cinematic 3D arcade shooter and visual treat from developer Edelweiss.,Take control of Freesia as she protects Lita Forest by beating the living daylights out of enemies invading the forest!,Guide Mairu through idyllic Cherry Tree Town as she makes new friends and endeavors to persuade them to join her high school comedy club.,"Explore the world of Thirty Flights of Loving through a first-person short story. In this sequel to Gravity Bone, take a deep dive with high-flying schemers, lovelorn criminals, and more stray kittens than you can shake a stick at. Saddle up, gunslinger. Featuring an original soundtrack by Chris Remo.","Space adventure, open world RPG, strategy, arcade, quest and more!","Guacamelee! Gold Edition is a Metroid-vania style action-platformer set in a magical Mexican inspired world. The game draws its inspiration from traditional Mexican culture and folklore, and features many interesting and unique characters.Guacamelee!",A collection of 9 award winning indie games from the creator of &amp;quot;Binding of isaac&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;Super Meat Boy&amp;quot;!,"The world is at an end, and you have 30 seconds to save it!","Evil has returned! Demonic powers are manifesting themselves as a myriad of dark creatures, fighting over the fates of imprisoned souls caught in Purgatory.",True heroes know no bounds!Experience top combat action in this brand new arcade flight sim and become immersed in the exploits of famous aircraft carriers. Choose the side you want to play on: the US Navy or the Imperial Japanese Navy. Climb into the cockpit and re-live the most famous battles of the War in the Pacific.,"About Total War: ROME II - Emperor Edition:Emperor Edition is the definitive edition of ROME II, featuring an improved politics system, overhauled building chains, rebalanced battles and improved visuals in both campaign and battle.","&quot;This is some of the most fun I've had with a game so far this year, and it will go down as one of the best side-scrolling shooters of all time.",Enrich your Hearts of Iron III playing experience with new uniforms for the US forces. Included in the pack you will gets sprites for the following:Infantry / Anti-Tank 1936; 1942; 1944 (only one Sprite each year)Artillery / Rocket Artillery 1936; 1942; 1944 (only one Sprite each year)Anti-Air 1936; 1942; 1944 Marine-Infantry 1936; 1942;...,"A collection of 18 songs from Hearts of Iron II, composed by Andreas Waldetoft, to accompany the game play of Hearts of Iron III. With over an hour of music, these songs play during key moments to enhance the mood and feel of the game.The Good FightSongs which will play when you are at war, creating a vibrant feel of large conflict.","Hearts of Iron III: Their Finest Hour puts you back in the commander’s seat during World War II. Win the war with new units, strategies and enhanced game modes. Destroy your enemies from within with an expanded espionage system that includes new missions and covert operations.","Enhance your Hearts of Iron III experience with the British Vehicle Pack. While playing as the British , 16 new vehicle models will be used in battle. The famous Comet Tank, Hawker Typhoon Fighter and Battleship King George V are just a few of the new vehicles available.","Enhance your Hearts of Iron III experience with the Japanese Vehicle Pack. While playing as the Japanese , 16 new vehicle models will be used in battle. The famous Kikka Jet Fighter, OI Tank and the Yamato, the biggest battle cruiser ever built, are just a few of the new vehicles available.","Enhance your Hearts of Iron III experience with the Italian Vehicle Pack. This pack contains 16 new vehicles for the Italian Army, Navy and Air Force. Included in this vehicle pack are iconic Italian tanks such as the Fiat-Ansaldo L6/40, the Macchi C.200 Saetta fighter and the CANT Z.1007 Alcione medium bomber.","Enhance your Hearts of Iron III experience with the Axis Minors Vehicle Pack. This pack contains 28 new skins for 12 vehicles to be used by the Axis Minor nations in World War II. Included in this pack are vehicles for Hungaria, Bulgaria, Romania and Slovakia.","Carefully guide your nation from the era of absolute monarchies in the early 19th century, through expansion and colonization, to finally become a truly great power by the dawn of the 20th century. Enhance your Victoria II and A House Divided experience with the American Civil War Spritepack.",Victoria II: Heart of Darkness is the second expansion for the grand strategy and political simulator Victoria II. This expansion focuses on the Scramble for Africa. Compete with other colonial powers and experience international crises which require Great Power mediation if the world is to avoid war in this experience crafted by Paradox...,"Victoria II: Songs of the Civil War DLC adds nine minutes of music to enhance the atmosphere of Victoria II. These four renditions of famous songs from the American Civil War were composed to add to the experience of playing in the American Civil War era, as nations and states struggle with the rapid change of ideologies and ideas.","The Victoria II: German Unit Pack adds updated uniforms and units for German soldiers. This includes units and uniforms for the German Empire, North German Federation, South German Federation and Prussia.","The Interwar Engineer sprite pack adds unique uniforms for armies using engineer divisions in the interwar period between WWI and WWII. From 1919 and forward, twelve countries will receive new, unique and historically accurate uniforms.","The Interwar Cavalry unit pack adds unique models for armies using cavalry units in the interwar period between WWI and WWII. From 1919 and forward, twelve nations will receive new, unique and historically accurate uniforms.","STEP INTO A LIMITLESS UNIVERSE Touchdown in the World of Twelve and set off on a great adventure in WAKFU - an original massively multiplayer online role playing universe where humor goes hand in hand with action-packed, tactical battles.","We don't know where Arua came from, nor how she came to be. We do know, however, that nothing existed before Arua.","In a world torn by war, the aged gremlin archaeologist Mortimer MacGuffin harbors the dark secret of a powerful artifact.",Digital Extras Includes:Making Of BookletMaking Of A Character VideoSoundtrack (all mp3):OvertureThe Artefact of DestinyWilbur's ThemeIvo's Action ThemeThe EvilUndeadsOrcsMage TowerSeastoneSong of DeathMummyMain TitleSunken TempleThe Hall of the Mountain DwarfsTrailerLove_ThemeEerie BackgroundSeastone SadShamanEscapeCannon LaunchThe Book ,"A letter arrived today. The envelope was thick with the smell of a woman's perfume. It was an invitation, but not the invitation I expected. It was a call to take part in the &amp;quot;Greatest con of all time.&amp;quot; Intrigued, I followed the message to one of the wealthiest parts of Atlantic City.","I got a call from New York. Lucky Luciano wanted my help in getting The Kid on his side. Piece of cake, he said. I wanted Luciano's connections in the Big Apple, so I agreed. What I didn't know was that The Kid didn't want to be on Luciano's side. That was how the trouble started. Piece of cake? I never did like cake.",Jan Koloff is known as the Bulgarian Colossus in many a boxing clubs and halls. Immigrating in the USA at the age of 17 he started earning his living as an illegal pit fighter. The potential of the young Koloff was quickly recognized by the local bookmaker and trainer Gyozo Kerekes.,"Irish mobsters, Ku-Klux-Klan racists, a mysterious business man from the far-east and a beautiful Japanese woman – it’s time for another episode in the life of The Boss! It’s a story from a time when love was more important than keeping your cool.",Take to the skies in one of over 30 accurately represented aircraft and defend the Pacific Theatre from invading enemy forces.,"Featuring an even more powerful engine, this Corsair also trades its machine gun armaments for four 20mm cannons.",This night-fighter variant of the Hellcat features increased speed and agility.,The P-61 Black Widow was a capable and deadly night-fighter. The Mauler trades in its bombs for rockets.,The Shooting Star was the US Air Force's first operational fighter jet. The first Shooting Stars were delivered late in 1944.,The P-40N variant features an even more powerful engine than its predecessor and adds rockets.,The FM2 variant of the Wildcat sacrifices two guns in exchange for a significantly more powerful engine.,"Engage in a little alternate reality and fly across the Pacific Theater in 15 of the most famous, infamous, ad experimental planes from WWII Europe! Spitfire* Hurricane* Meteor Bf-109* Bf-110* Fw-190* Yak-3* Tempest* Typhoon Whirlwind Beaufighter* Swordfish P-215 Me-262 He-219 *denotes a plane that can be upgraded in...","After 3 years, Transcripted the illegitimate son of Zuma and Geometry Wars is finally back on Steam. Discover now this unique mix of twin stick shooter and match-3 with its twisted mechanics and original story.",Unleash your inner dinosaur! Primal Carnage is an online multiplayer shooter that immerses its players in skilled PVP combat. Fight as man or beast in savage class-based deathmatches and a tense objective-oriented escape mode!,Annihilate an evil penguin regime in this cinematic platform adventure game offering full solo and co-op campaigns.,"Put on your wide-brimmed hat, grab your weapons and embark on an incredible adventure in the gothic-noir world of Borgovia, where mad science threatens the fragile peace between monster and mortal.","Show other players who the real seasoned Hunter is: the Veteran skin pack allows Van Helsing to become more intimidating (or more silly, if you ask Katarina) in his appearance.","At last! The Blue-blooded Ghostly Companion’s Brand New Accessory for Improved and More Efficient Monster Hunting is finally here! Esteemed ladies and gentlemen, allow us to present Mr. Van Helsing’s charming, beautiful and witty aide: Lady Katarina, who doesn’t really require any further introduction.","You must be familiar with the traditional approach to monster hunting: grab a melee weapon, take a firearm (just to make sure), prepare your tricks and witness those creatures flee in terror! But there are other, somewhat unusual methods that rely on a quite different source – which is called magic.","You probably thought that Weird Science was your enemy. And yes, you were right, but you can always fight fire with fire, as the saying goes. Or, more fittingly, fight those artificial monsters with arcane machinery: engulf them with poisonous fumes, scorch them with tongues of flame or deploy mechanical allies and traps and let them do...","The Dark Eye - Demonicon is a thrilling action-RPG set in the extraordinarily popular universe of “The Dark Eye”, a richly crafted fantasy world beloved by fantasy gamers across the globe.The Dark Eye - Demonicon tells the tragic story of a brother and sister who become pawns of sinister forces in a world of cruelty and depravity.",Home is a unique horror adventure set in a beautifully-realized pixel world. It’s a murder mystery with a twist—because you decide what ultimately happens.,"Ghat's story is far from over: Zeno Clash 2 picks up where the deliciously brazen first game left off. After 4 years of waiting, the sequel to the surreal first-person brawler brings more variety in combat and levels, and even more bizarre storytelling into the beguiling world of Zenozoik.","Get ready to DEFEND THE WORLD! The biggest sequel in tower defense history is finally here: Fieldrunners 2 has arrived! From Subatomic Studios, creators of the award winning classic strategy game comes an all new adventure that was years in the making.",In this uniqueTower Defense you will travel through William’s mind in a colored and dreamlike universe.,The original Shad'O videogame soundtrack by KaMiZoTo includes 22 orchestral musics and 2 bonus tracks.,"FINGER-FLIPPIN’, POWERFUL PINBALL!No room for a pinball machine? So what! With DREAM PINBALL 3D you can transform your PC or console into 6 different, multilevel, 3D pinball machines! Clever gameplay, plus balls made of different materials – and each material has special ballistic properties that affect how those balls roll!","Let your spark grow into a raging wildfire! Explore new planes and fight new enemies with the Magic 2014 — Duels of the Planeswalkers expansion, featuring additional campaign levels, decks, and challenges. Further planar travel leads you into conflict with another Planeswalker, Elspeth Tirel.","Dack Fayden’s fully unlocked “Dodge and Burn” deck. Dack Fayden is not just a powerful mage but also one of the greatest thieves of his age. Unlike other thieves, he steals—he'd prefer to say “borrows”—not for money but for knowledge. Dack has a special power called psychometry.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the &amp;quot;Dodge and Burn” deck to premium foil cards. Requires Magic 2014 Expansion.",The fully unlocked “Lords of Darkness” deck. Embrace your inner darkness and know what it feels like to wield the power of a demon lord. Summon all manner of fiends from the fires below as you terrify puny mortals into making unreasonable bargains.,"Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the “Lords of Darkness” deck to premium foil cards. Requires Magic 2014 Expansion.","Elspeth Tirel’s fully unlocked “Hall of Champions” deck. Elpeth Tirel has wandered the Multiverse looking for a place where she can live in peace, but so far only war and death have been her companions. Having faced the nightmare of Phyrexia, any foe seems to pale in comparison, and she won’t allow injustice to take root.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the “Hall of Champions” deck to premium foil cards. Requires Magic 2014 Expansion.","The fully unlocked “Sylvan Might” deck. Take command of elvish forces who want nothing more than to drive out interlopers from their woodland sanctuaries. Control forest creatures both magical and mundane as you wake the woods to crush your enemies, leaving only their bones as a wanning to future trespassers.","Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the “Sylvan Might” deck to premium foil cards. Requires Magic 2014 Expansion.",The fully unlocked “Sword of the Samurai” deck. Honor is not something you are born with. It is something you earn through your deeds and actions. Take up your sword and defend the sacred code of Bushido from any who would dare to bring dishonor to your clan.,"Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in the “Sword of the Samurai” deck to premium foil cards. Requires Magic 2014 Expansion.","Dungeon Party is a free online game that is played in teams. You are plunged into a totally crazy, heroic-fantasy world, where you compete in teams of heroes in dungeons full of deadly traps and awesome monsters to win the treasures they are trying so hard to hide.",The fully unlocked “Bounce and Boon” deck. Summon creatures that enter the battlefield with a bang—then summon them again and again! The white “Bounce and Boon” deck keeps your opponents on their heels with a constant stream of life gain and battlefield manipulation. Additional content for Magic 2014. Requires Deck Pack 1.,"Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in “Bounce and Boon” white deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2014. Requires Deck Pack 1.",The fully unlocked “Unfinished Business” deck. Wake the dead! The creatures of the blue and black “Unfinished Business” deck refuse to rest in peace. Your spells will bring them back from beyond the grave to exact vengeance against your enemies. Additional content for Magic 2014. Requires Deck Pack 1.,"Convert all uncommon, rare, and mythic rare cards in “Unfinished Business” blue and black deck to premium foil cards. Additional content for Magic 2014. Requires Deck Pack 1.","Even if the regime is totally inept and corrupt, don't suppose for a moment that you as the liberator will be greeted with open arms.JAGGED ALLIANCE 2: WILDFIRE brings you back to Arulco. The population is being terrorized by a reckless army; in the meantime the main export goods are drugs.","With the Harbour Master DLC you can enhance Port Royale 3 with six completely new building types, several decoration objects for your cities and with an economic adviser, who will give you useful hints. In addition you will now have more control over the defense of your cities and you will be able to build ships on your own!","Dawn of Pirates offers you a whole new singleplayer-campaign, in which you can make some trouble in the Caribbean as a pirate. You will start your raids from your own hideout but cities may be restricted to you. Your aim in Dawn of Pirates is to become the most notorious pirate in the Caribbean by raiding and plundering.","Everybody who looks for new challenges should try the New Adventures DLC. Five new scenarios are waiting for you, each one with unique task that will let you experience unseen and thrilling situations. So you will help the city of Corpus Christi in “The Ascension of Christi” to become rich and well-respected within a short time or you...","Todd Rex wants steak. Todd Rex wants YOUR steak. Are you gonna let him take it? No way! Go Home, Dinosaurs!Prevent hordes of marauding Dinos from crashing your party in the world’s premier BBQ defense simulator! Unlock powerful towers that act like little weaponized puzzle pieces.",Tiny Troopers puts you in command of a team of small soldiers. War might be hell but this is the funniest way to fight in one!,"Take control of a fleet commander returned from exile, rise through the ranks of the United Space Federation forces and join an epic war across the stars.","Enter a world of magic and mystery in MapleStory, the original side-scrolling MMORPG. Choose from over 40 classes and join the millennia-long battle against the evil Black Mage.","7,500 Diamonds and 25,000 Kudos to spend however you like! Plus get lifetime Silver VIP status, 20 Days Kudos Boost, and 20 Days XP Boost!","This is the AirMech Original Soundtrack by Front Line Assembly! Released as a full studio album, it has been mastered and remixed with the same quality as any of their previous albums. Included with this purchase is a set of EXCLUSIVE AirMech content: all four band members as Pilots, and the &amp;quot;Frontline&amp;quot; Warthog Variant.","Instant access to all AirMechs, 100,000 Kudos and 3,000 Diamonds! Get Silver VIP for life, XP and Kudos Boosts, and EXCLUSIVE &amp;quot;Prime&amp;quot; Helix!",The bestselling Secret Files franchise celebrates its return! The dream couple Max and Nina have announced their forthcoming wedding.,The first thing to think about when you start playing Don Bradman Cricket 14 is to forget what you know about Cricket games and start afresh…it's cricket like you've never seen it before!,"From the creative mind behind The Adventures of Shuggy comes an exciting new retro-styled 2D platformer, a winner of Dream Build Play 2012 and a top 50 game of 2012 according to Game Informer. Grab the gateway guns and explore a huge lab filled with mysterious puzzles in this classic platforming adventure.","A war is coming… a war between East and West - between Kingdoms and Empires, between man and Fallen. A future of blood and death, of chaos and destruction.",Loadout Bundles are a great way to accelerate your customization options!,Loadout Bundles are a great way to accelerate your customization options!,Loadout Bundles are a great way to accelerate your customization options!,Loadout Bundles are a great way to accelerate your customization options!,Loadout Bundles are a great way to accelerate your customization options!,Loadout Bundles are a great way to accelerate your customization options!,Loadout Bundles are a great way to accelerate your customization options!,Loadout Bundles are a great way to accelerate your customization options!,Loadout Bundles are a great way to accelerate your customization options!,Loadout Bundles are a great way to accelerate your customization options!,Loadout Bundles are a great way to accelerate your customization options!,Gain immediate access to these customization options!,"Look professional, stay classy!",You won't have to wrestle fashion anymore!,You can never escape... the ninja!,Be the prettiest Impostor on the boat!,Giddy-up for Gotham!,Dashing. Daunting. Delightfully dapper!,The cutest little sewer-dwelling monstrosity you're ever likely to meet.,Put some fear into your foes with the help of this little charmer.,An adorable penguin with barely a hint of villainy to speak of.,"The unmistakable mascot of Amusement Mile. Are those tears of love, kids?","He puts the ""vigilant"" in vigilante.",The mistress of flora is lovely but just a wee bit toxic.,Good kitty? Bad kitty!,A prankish little minx can fuel your fantasies and analyze them at the same time!,Purchase this pack to unlock 5 unique Calling Cards!,Purchase this pack to unlock 5 unique Calling Cards!,Purchase this pack to unlock 5 unique Calling Cards!,Purchase this pack to unlock 5 unique Calling Cards!,Purchase this pack to unlock 5 unique Calling Cards!,Purchase this pack to unlock 5 unique Calling Cards!,Any Costume Coins you earn while playing Gotham City Impostors is doubled.,This permanent boost increases the amount of XP you earn while playing Gotham City Impostors by 50 percent.,This permanent boost increases the amount of XP you earn while playing Gotham City Impostors by 2.5x.,This permanent boost increases the amount of XP that both you and your teammates earn while playing Gotham City Impostors by 25 percent.,Impostor Bundles are a great way to accelerate your customization options!,Impostor Bundles are a great way to accelerate your customization options!,Impostor Bundles are a great way to accelerate your customization options!,"Join 2.5 million gamers in this award-winning, BAFTA-Nominated turn-based strategy game.","This bonecrunching sport features 23 playable races, each with its own style, vicious moves, rankings &amp;amp; more!","You have been appointed to fulfill an extremely dangerous mission, deep in enemy territory: to kill one man... the Emperor himself. Lead the revolution of the Orcs and Goblins!","Glory and adventure await as you return to save Ancient Egypt from certain doom in Luxor: Amun Rising. As chains of colored spheres rapidly approach the gateway of the pyramids, it’s up to you to stop them with your magical winged-scarab shooter. Fire colored orbs to make matches of three or more and eliminate oncoming chains.","Log in to The GRID and engage in psychedelic virtual combat as you dive deep into Corporate Networks, steal their secrets and crash their servers. Choose your Character, Prepare your Rig and pick a side in the never ending war fought in Cyberspace.",Those intrepid invertebrates return with a vengeance in the much-loved Worms™ Armageddon. It’s a whole new can of worms! It’s hilarious fun that you can enjoy on your own or with all your friends.,"From PRINCE OF PERSIA creator Jordan Mechner, the original side-scrolling karate classic comes to Steam with art by Jeff Matsuda (The Batman) and music by Grammy-winning composer Christopher Tin (CIVILIZATION IV).","Din, champion of the gods, has cursed you into a second life of service because you selfishly squandered your first one while causing misfortune to those around you.","Din's Curse: Demon War is the first expansion for the unique action RPG Din's Curse. Din's Curse is a single player and co-op multiplayer action RPG for Windows and Mac PCs with 141 class combinations (196 with the expansion), infinite number of dynamically generated towns, real consequences, and a dynamic, evolving world.",Anna - Extended Edition has been given an overhaul based on the feedback of the thousands of players of the original Anna.,"Age of Conan: Unchained is an award-winning and critically acclaimed massively multiplayer online game set in the sexy, savage and brutal world of Conan the Barbarian.Tread in the footsteps of the greatest fantasy hero of all time, and explore the vast reaches of Hyboria.","Piloting a wide range of aircraft, players engage in aerial dogfights and dangerous fighter missions across the major theaters of war during WWII.","Up the ante in the fight between heroes and villains with Sonic Adventure 2’s Battle Mode DLC! Upgrade your Sonic Adventure™ 2 experience with six new characters, 21 additional two-player battle maps, and Chao Karate from Sonic Adventure™ 2: Battle!",Unleash a fury of powerful weapons as you blast your way through armies of Alien forces hell-bent on taking you down! Battle through 14 intense levels and prepare to face a barrage of beastly-sized bosses that will test your every skill. Each of your 10 weapons comes with two firing modes and you’ll need all of them!,An ominous shadow of the Axis Alliance is being cast over the sands of Africa.,Germany’s dominant air force is pounding at the gates of the Soviet Empire and Blitzkrieg is at full swing.,"Spiderweb Software's classic adventure of treachery and battle in ancient times has returned! Travel back to ancient Britannia for a tale of cunning foes, vicious battles, and a race to rediscover the lost secrets of magic. Britannia is a land ravaged by war.","On Tuesday, November 6th Americans will vote to shape the future of their country. Why wait? Start shaping your country's future now in Democracy 2.","Runner2 is the sequel to the critically acclaimed and IGF award winning BIT.TRIP RUNNER. In the style of the BIT.TRIP series, Runner2 is a rhythm-music platforming game. Players will run through fantastic environments, using brand new moves, to brand new soundtracks as they run, jump, slide, kick, and soar toward the goal of tracking...",BIT.TRIP Presents... Runner2: Future Legend of Rhythm Alien Soundtrack includes the following:Track ListRunner2 ThemeWelkin WonderlandCloud TitansWelcome To Brine TimeCetaceous Old SawThe SupernatureSuperfunkSaddsMoldy DropsBIT.,"In most instances, “DLC” stands for “downloadable content.” With the Good Friends Character Pack, however, it stands for “Downright Lovable Characters.” Featuring the likes of Josef (Machinarium), Spelunky Guy (Spelunky), Raz (Psychonauts), Dr.",Unity of Command is an innovative and refreshing operational-level wargame that covers the entire 1942/43 Stalingrad Campaign on the Eastern Front.,Dying days of the Stalingrad Campaign saw the Wehrmacht reeling under heavy blows.,"Dungeonland is a co-operative hack and slash game that takes players on a deadly tour through a medieval theme park. Playing as The Rogue, The Warrior or The Mage, the heroes will need to work together as a team to get past the evil overseer of this “Tragic Kingdom” – The Dungeon Maestro.","Join an all-out planetary war, where thousands of players battle as one in strategic, targeted missions against opposing empires. Utilize infantry, air and ground vehicles to destroy your enemies in this revolutionary, massive scale, first-person shooter.",,"Frontline Tactics lets you command a modern, elite fighting unit over various missions; from defending and controlling a location or asset to all-out elimination and survival.","Unmechanical is a puzzle adventure that combines tricky puzzle solving, alluring exploration, and an engrossing atmosphere. Set in a fantastic world of flesh, rock and steel, your journey to freedom requires you to solve a great variety of puzzling challenges, and while it’s easy to pick up and play, later challenges may prove very...","Defender's Quest is a Tower-Defense/RPG Hybrid tightly focuses on three things: tactical depth, customization, and story.","Planets under Attack offers a surprising depth of gameplay, while its intuitive controls allow even casual gamers to pick it up and feel comfortable immediately. In addition to the addicting gameplay, Planets under Attack is an obvious labor of love.","The legendary iBomber series returns but this time it’s time to ATTACK! Jump into your tank and get ready to blast your way around Europe and defeat the enemy in this visceral tour of destruction! With 24 missions full of explosive action to go at, iBomber Attack is a dose of high-octane entertainment that you won’t be able to put down.","The best-selling, award-winning franchise is back – on your home PC in gorgeous HD for the first time.","Building on the successes of their award-winning Midnight Mysteries adventure series, MumboJumbo has created an all-new adventure franchise. Boasting interactive backgrounds, story-driven puzzles, an animated main character, voice acting and a rich narrative filled with twists and turns, Angelica Weaver: Catch Me When You Can is...",Challenging platformer with striking visuals and deep engrossing story transports you to a world beyond ours!,"Create a soundtrack for your mod or game, or just record your own music. Use loops to quickly create your beats or use the built-in virtual instruments. Mixcraft is the easiest way to record your music quickly and have it sound great.",In Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2013 you get Deadlier Predators and Deadlier Hunts.,Create worlds beyond your imagination in Patterns: a 3D sandbox with physics and gravity. Build your own world or invite your friends to collaborate on epic creations. Add goals to turn your builds into challenging games or leave them open-ended: the choice is yours!,"Fast-paced arcade game inspired by the classic PC game, Tunneler, with state-of-the-art top-down view, 2.5D gameplay in a fully destructible environment. Enjoy unlimited gameplay variation by adjusting arena settings, such as terrain, map size, number of AI-controlled bots, technology level and many more.",,,Includes:Soundtrack Making Of Video Poster (printable) Sticker templates (printable) Postcards from Hell (printable)Artbook Note: Digital Extras will be located at Program files -&amp;gt; Steam -&amp;gt; Steamapps -&amp;gt; Common -&amp;gt; Painkiller Hell &amp;amp; Damnation -&amp;gt; Digital extras,"Satan Claus is coming to town (or “Trainstation”, rather) in the brand-new (and free) Anti-Christmas DLC for Painkiller Hell &amp;amp; Damnation.","Experience the addictive gameplay of old-school arcade favourites, updated and improved for the 21st century! Unique retro-futuristic sound and graphics, player responsive difficulty, and a subtle system of tactics combined with classic gameplay make Ultratron a fun and hypnotic arcade blast.","Play Droid Assault and experience running blaster battles with hordes of rampaging killer robots! Discover a unique tactical arcade shooter, with the fun addictive gameplay of 8-bit classics. You'll need your wits and the help of your acquired droid squad to stay alive in this fast-paced retro actionfest.","The Banner Saga: Factions is the premiere multiplayer role-playing strategy game on PC and Mac. It brings the feeling of beloved tactical games to a high-definition era with gorgeous hand-animated artwork and a degree of depth unprecedented in the realm of free games. Fight, learn, and lead your clan of vikings to glory!","All of the tunes from &quot;Snapshot&quot; crafted by the magnificent WiL Whitlark. This album includes all of the music from the game and more. Listen to 100+ minutes of music, including some &quot;lost tracks&quot; that didn't end up in the final game.",Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 03.,Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 04.,Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 05.,Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 06.,Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 07.,Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 08.,Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 09.,Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 10.,Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 11.,"Besiege castles and raid villages in Chivalry: Medieval Warfare, a fast-paced medieval first person slasher with a focus on multiplayer battles","Proteus is a game about exploration and immersion in a dream-like island world where the soundtrack to your play is created by your surroundings. Played in first-person, the primary means of interaction is simply your presence in the world and how you observe it.","Dogs Of War Online is a multiplayer tactical game, based on the classic board game &amp;quot;Confrontation&amp;quot;. Build your own company of mercenaries from the wide range of units available and challenge thousands of players in intense battles.","Don’t Starve is an uncompromising wilderness survival game full of science and magic. Enter a strange and unexplored world full of strange creatures, dangers, and surprises. Gather resources to craft items and structures that match your survival style.","The official soundtrack from Don't Starve, the uncompromising wilderness survival game from Klei Entertainment. Containing original instrumental music composed and arranged by Vince de Vera and Jason Garner, this soundtrack DLC contains all of the game music, and a couple extras, in both FLAC and MP3 formats.",Beyond Divinity is the follow-up to the award-winning Divine Divinity.,"Dragons: they have been hunted, they have been slain, but now the hour to strike back has come.","If you like total freedom in the way you conquer the enemy this is the ultimate war game for you. Build freeform constructions as a medieval Builder, fight in sword duels as a Knight or snipe with your bow as an Archer.","Antichamber is a mind-bending psychological exploration game where nothing can be taken for granted. Discover an Escher-like world where hallways wrap around upon each other, spaces reconfigure themselves, and accomplishing the impossible may just be the only way forward.",From the creators of the award winning games “The Whispered World” and “Deponia” comes this extraordinary game Edna &amp;amp; Harvey: Harvey's New Eyes.,"Slip off into the dream world and go on an aerial adventure as NiGHTS in this classic Saturn remake. Collect Ideya (colored orbs), rack up points, and battle bosses to help Elliot and Claris save Nightopia from Wizeman the Wicked.","Enter an apocalyptic fantasy world where humanity is on the brink of extinction, iron is valued above gold and trust is hard earned. This ARPG features complex character development, hundreds of unique items, crafting and quests with choice &amp;amp; consequence.","The first chapter in the three-part The Journey Down saga, a classic point-and-click series with an Afro-Caribbean twist. Get ready to embark on an epic journey of laughs and brain-teasing adventure!",Get a jump on the competition with this Starter Pack for Continent of the Ninth Seal!Starter Pack includes:Karas Gear Set &amp;amp; Soul: Prelude to the StormEarth Dragon Helm BoxChampion’s Valor6 Inventory Expansion Scrolls10 Resurrection Scrolls5 Training Experience Boosts (each boost last 2 hours)5 Stamina Boosters of 100 Points...,Get a jump on the competition with this Starter Pack for Continent of the Ninth Seal!Starter Pack includes:Karas Gear Set &amp;amp; Soul: Prelude to the StormEarth Dragon Helm BoxChampion’s Valor6 Inventory Expansion Scrolls10 Resurrection Scrolls5 Training Experience Boosts (each boost last 2 hours)5 Stamina Boosters of 100 Points...,"Trials Evolution: Gold Edition marks the Trials franchise’s triumphant return to the PC gaming platform. RedLynx’s signature franchise, the Trials series first made its mark in gaming with the 2008 release of Trials 2 SE for the PC.","Kerbal Space Program 1.3: &amp;quot;Away with words&amp;quot; is now available.Version 1.3 includes the total localization of Kerbal Space Program in four more languages: Japanese, Simplified Chinese, Russian and Spanish. Additionally, the official mod Asteroid Day is now fully integrated together with the new Ambient Light Adjustment feature.",Discover the dark secrets of a lawless island ruled by violence and take the fight to the enemy as you try to escape. You’ll need more than luck to escape alive!,"Animal husbandry, crops, sales… It's up to you to manage and grow your own farm in a huge, totally new world!","Extend your gaming experience with the new official extension of Farming Simulator 2013 and Farming Simulator 2013 Titanium Edition! This DLC contains new tractors and equipment of the Ursus brand, such as the Ursus C-45, Ursus C-330, Ursus 5044, Ursus 8014H, Ursus 11024, Ursus 15014 and many more!",An Elusive Killer Shocks a High-Tech Lab!,"Alone in space, light years away from your family, armed with only your Fistcannon™; you are Cargo Corps' latest recruit, a Cargo Commander.","Operation Tarnhelm is the first expansion for the unique real-time strategy game Naval War: Arctic Circle. Named after the mythical helmet of Norse mythology that makes its owner invisible, the new scenarios detail daring attacks.","As a space bear, human or any other race, venture forth into the galaxy, create custom ships, conquer new worlds, build new colonies and defend your very existence against those who would take what is yours.","RPG Maker VX Ace improves on every aspect of creating your very own epic adventure. An extremely powerful editor, Ace supports multiple tilesets, offers full control over autoshadow and has a very flexible features system.","With this long-expected sequel to the critically highly acclaimed and lavishly praised Deponia, the player enters round two. Chaos on Deponia turns out to be even wackier than its predecessor and instantly puts the player under its spell.","Guide a group of rectangles through a series of obstacles, using their different skills together to get to the end of each environment.",Go head to head with the F1 RACE STARS and compete online and in split-screen as you charge around the streets of Valencia.,"Download the F1 RACE STARS™ Games Accessory Pack now! Customise your horn sound, skid marks and boost shapes with this new accessory pack bundle. Includes 3 cool themes – Sports, Gamer and Time. Available in single player, split-screen and online.","Download the F1 RACE STARS™ Music Accessory Pack now! Customise your horn sound, skid marks and boost shapes with this new accessory pack bundle. Includes 3 cool themes – Music, Rock and Dance Party. Available in single player, split-screen and online.","Download the F1 RACE STARS™ Princess Accessory Pack now! Customise your horn sound, skid marks and boost shapes with this new accessory pack bundle. Includes 3 cool themes – Hearts, Girl Power and Princess. Available in single player, split-screen and online.","Download the F1 RACE STARS™ Science Accessory Pack now! Customise your horn sound, skid marks and boost shapes with this new accessory pack bundle. Includes 3 cool themes – Atomic, Space and Maths. Available in single player, split-screen and online.","Download the F1 RACE STARS™ Nature Accessory Pack now! Customise your horn sound, skid marks and boost shapes with this new accessory pack bundle. Includes 3 cool themes – Animals, Bees and Nature. Available in single player, split-screen and online.","Download the F1 RACE STARS™ Monster Accessory Pack now! Customise your horn sound, skid marks and boost shapes with this new accessory pack bundle. Includes 3 cool themes – Spooky, Vampire and Dinosaur. Available in single player, split-screen and online.","Download the F1 RACE STARS™ Nautical Accessory Pack now! Customise your horn sound, skid marks and boost shapes with this new accessory pack bundle. Includes 3 cool themes – Nautical, Pirates and Beach. Available in single player, split-screen and online.","Download the F1 RACE STARS™ Holiday Accessory Pack now! Customise your horn sound, skid marks and boost shapes with this new accessory pack bundle. Includes 3 cool themes – Ice Cream, Sun and Travel. Available in single player, split-screen and online.","Download the F1 RACE STARS™ Christmas Accessory Pack now! Customise your horn sound, skid marks and boost shapes with this new accessory pack bundle. Includes 3 cool themes – Snow, Christmas and Party. Available in single player, split-screen and online.","Make your move through a mountain railway pass, overtake in the overgrown ruins and power through palace gardens in this great new circuit.","Download the F1 RACE STARS™ Canada Track where the mayhem comes in solo, split-screen and online play! Dodge the grumpy groundhogs and race across a frozen river in this brand new F1 RACE STARS circuit!",Download the F1 RACE STARS™ China Track now! Race against the cast of F1 RACE STARS and share the fun in online and split-screen in this brand new circuit.,McPixel is a save-the-day guy that you guide through 100 short challenges to prevent stuff from blowing up. You have only 20 seconds to save the day! Think quick!,"A tree killed his granny and now he is out for revenge. Meet Jack Lumber, the supernatural lumberjack who hates trees, loves animals, and hates trees. Did we say that twice? The guy really hates trees, and boy does he have an axe to grind.","Organize. Perfect. Inspire. Organize your collection by what, when or where. Edit and add jaw-dropping effects with ease. Then share your best with friends, family and the world through the ACDSee Online cloud, Facebook, Twitter, and e-mail. So simple to use. Yet so amazing the results.","CRYENGINE is the first all-in-one development solution with truly scalable computation, multi-award winning graphics, state-of-the-art lighting, realistic physics, intuitive visual scripting, high fidelity audio, designer friendly AI and much, more - straight out of the box and with no additional royalties!",Original Soundtrack to FTL: Faster Than Light. Composed by Ben Prunty. Space Cruise (Title) MilkyWay (Explore) Civil (Explore) Cosmos (Explore) Deepspace (Explore) Debris (Explore) Mantis (Explore) Engi (Explore) Colonial (Explore) Wasteland (Explore) Rockmen (Explore) Void (Explore) Zoltan (Explore) BONUS Federation MilkyWay (Battle)...,"The game brings a fresh new take on the city building/management genre by introducing many RPG features. In Towns you manage a settlement on top of an active dungeon. Instead of playing the hero who delves deep into the dungeon, how about playing the town that houses and caters to the hero's needs?",Download the IndyCar Pack to receive two routes at the world famous Indianapolis Motor Speedway Circuit plus receive the Dallara IndyCar and Indy500 Pace Car liveries for the Chevrolet Camaro SS and Corvette Z06 Centennial Edition.,Download the GTR Racing Pack to receive the stunning Nissan GT-R SpecV and experience all five routes around the Yas Marina circuit by day.,Download the Super Modified Pack and receive four stunning cars:Auto Gallery Nissan Skyline GT-R (R32)Tomei Cusco Subaru Impreza WRX STIMazda RX-7 PANSPEED5ZIGEN Honda Civic Super Modified,Download the Peak Performance Pack and receive six outrageously tuned cars:Dodge Charger R/T Ford Mustang Mach 1 Twister Special Chevrolet Camaro Z28 RS SS 1970 VW Golf RBMW E30 M3BMW 1 Series MCoupe,Download the Drift Pack and receive four amazing cars for use in Drift events and all other GRID 2 game modes. Includes:NOS Energy Nissan 370ZTeam Orange Mitsubishi Evo XDaijiro Yoshihara 1993 Nissan 240 SXTyler McQuarrie Chevrolet...,Download the Car Unlock Pack and gain instant access to every car* for online play.Does not include DLC vehicles.,"Push GRID 2’s damage engine to its limits as the iconic Demolition Derby game mode from GRID returns to GRID 2 in this free download. Receive the classic Jupiter Eagleray Mk5 and smash your way to the front on two routes at the Detroit Demolition Derby Stadium in single-player, split-screen and online!","Experience “Eufloria HD”, the new edition of Eufloria, an incredibly addictive ambient strategy game that anyone can play! Explore a beautifully realized universe rendered in a style that is unique and compelling.","iPi Recorder is a software program provided by iPi Soft for capturing, playing back and processing video records from multiple cameras and depth sensors. Captured records can be used for motion tracking in iPi Mocap Studio.","From the designers of World of Goo and Henry Hatsworth. Throw your toys into your fire, and play with them as they burn. Stay warm in there. It's getting cold outside!","Own it all in the classic property trading game! Build your fortune as you buy, sell and trade the world’s most famous properties. It’s classic MONOPOLY fun! Take a ride on Reading Railroad, build a house on Baltic Avenue, or buy up the whole neighborhood — it’s your turn to get rich!","Age of Empires II has been re-imagined in high definition with new features, trading cards, improved AI, workshop support, multiplayer, Steamworks integration and more!","Setting the bar as the definitive tower defense game, Defense Grid 2 introduces new worlds and threats to test your tower placement strategies. With a bold new look and the addition of new game modes, player-versus-player and multiplayer co-op, every play brings fun new opportunities and challenges.","Super Hexagon is a minimal action game by Terry Cavanagh, with music by Chipzel.Important facts about Hexagons:Hexagons are first order permutohedrons: The vertices of a hexagon can be formed by permuting the coordinates of the vector (1, 2, 3).",The fastest way to learn guitar is now better than ever. Join over three million people who have learned to play guitar with the award-winning Rocksmith® method. Plug any real guitar or bass with a 1/4 inch jack directly into your PC or Mac and you’ll learn to play in just 60 days.,"Assemble your team of three from seven unlikely adventurers, then descend into the mysterious depths to explore The Cave!","Original music from The Cave, a new adventure game from Monkey Island and Maniac Mansion creator Ron Gilbert and Double Fine Productions, the award-winning studio behind Psychonauts and Brütal Legend. Track List: Main Title Enter Scientist Nuclear Launch Detected Dragon Rampage Enter The Twins Hillbilly Seven Eights Hillbilly Burns...",Enjoy a thrilling and hilarious point-and-click adventure in the fantasy world of Aventasia,"The Stanley Parable is a first person exploration game. You will play as Stanley, and you will not play as Stanley. You will follow a story, you will not follow a story. You will have a choice, you will have no choice. The game will end, the game will never end.",A Brand New mission. Three New WeaponsGeneral Rodebrecht has been spotted in a small village in rural France. This rising star in the German high command could turn the tide of war against the Allies.He thinks he’s safe... prove him wrong.,"Play ""YYZ"" by Rush on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Red Barchetta"" by Rush on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Subdivisions"" by Rush on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Tom Sawyer"", ""Limelight"", “YYZ”, “Red Barchetta” and ""Subdivisions"" by Rush on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""Give Up the Funk (Tear the Roof Off the Sucker)"" by Parliament on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Super Freak"" by Rick James on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Good Times"" by Chic on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Headlong Flight"" by Rush on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play "" Cowboys From Hell "" by Pantera on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play "" Domination "" by Pantera on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play "" Walk "" by Pantera on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode. This song has been adapted to be playable in Drop D tuning.","Play ""Cowboys From Hell"", ""Domination"", and ""Walk"" by Pantera on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play "" How You Remind Me "" by Nickelback on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play "" Rockstar "" by Nickelback on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play "" Bottoms Up "" by Nickelback on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""How You Remind Me"", ""Rockstar"", and ""Bottoms Up"" by Nickelback on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play "" Walk "" by Foo Fighters on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play "" My Hero "" by Foo Fighters on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play "" Best of You "" by Foo Fighters on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play "" Times Like These "" by Foo Fighters on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play "" Wheels "" by Foo Fighters on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Best of You"", ""My Hero"", “Walk”, “Times Like These” and ""Wheels"" by Foo Fighters on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.",Includes: Tone Designer Time Saver Pack Unlock All Guitarcade Minigames Unlock All Bonus Songs Unlock All Guitars and Basses Unlock All Venues NOTE: Does not include rare pedals.,"Play "" Oye Como Va "" by Santana on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play "" Black Magic Woman "" by Santana on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play "" Smooth "" by Santana feat. Rob Thomas on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Oye Como Va"", ""Black Magic Woman"", and ""Smooth"" by Santana on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""Cliffs of Dover "" by Eric Johnson on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Alive"" by Pearl Jam on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""No Rain"" by Blind Melon on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Reptilia"" by The Strokes on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Last Nite"" by The Strokes on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Juicebox"" by The Strokes on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Reptilia"", ""Last Nite"", and ""Juicebox"" by The Strokes on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.",Play &amp;quot;American Woman&amp;quot; by The Guess Who on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.,"Play ""Born to be Wild"" by Steppenwolf on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Surrender"" by Cheap Trick on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Sugar, We’re Goin Down"" by Fall Out Boy on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Dance, Dance"" by Fall Out Boy on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Thnks fr th Mmrs"" by Fall Out Boy on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""I Don’t Care"" by Fall Out Boy on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""America’s Suitehearts"" by Fall Out Boy on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Sugar, We’re Goin Down"", ""Dance, Dance"", “I Don’t Care”, “Thnks fr th Mmrs” and ""America’s Suitehearts"" by Fall Out Boy on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""London Calling"" by The Clash on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Should I Stay or Should I Go"" by The Clash on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""The Guns of Brixton"" by The Clash on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""London Calling"", ""Should I Stay or Should I Go"", and ""The Guns of Brixton"" by The Clash on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""Carry On Wayward Son"" by Kansas on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""You’ve Got Another Thing Comin’"" by Judas Priest on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Black Betty"" by Ram Jam on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Wish You Were Here"" by Incubus on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Love Hurts"" by Incubus on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Anna Molly"" by Incubus on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Wish You Were Here"", ""Love Hurts"", and ""Anna Molly"" by Incubus on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""Burnin’ for You"" by Blue Öyster Cult on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Blister in the Sun"" by Violent Femmes on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Cult of Personality"" by Living Colour on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Lovesong"" by The Cure on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Just Like Heaven"" by The Cure on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""The End of the World"" by The Cure on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Lovesong"", ""Just Like Heaven"", and ""The End of the World"" by The Cure on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""Have You Ever Seen the Rain?"" by Creedence Clearwater Revival on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Southbound"" by The Allman Brothers Band on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Ballroom Blitz"" by Sweet on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Float On"" by Modest Mouse on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""The Good Left Undone"" by Rise Against on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Get Free"" by The Vines on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Eye of the Tiger"" by Survivor on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""White Wedding - Part 1"" by Billy Idol on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Here Comes Your Man"" by The Pixies on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Misery"" by Maroon 5 on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""She Will Be Loved"" by Maroon 5 on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Harder to Breathe"" by Maroon 5 on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.","Play ""Misery"", ""She Will Be Loved"", and ""Harder to Breathe"" by Maroon 5 on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.",Play &amp;quot;Jessie’s Girl&amp;quot; by Rick Springfield on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.,Play &amp;quot;867-5309/Jenny&amp;quot; by Tommy Tutone on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.,Play &amp;quot;Call Me&amp;quot; by Blondie on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode.,"Play ""Jessica"", ""Whipping Post"", and ""Southbound"" by The Allman Brothers Band on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""(Don’t Fear) The Reaper"", ""Godzilla"", and ""Burnin’ for You"" by Blue Öyster Cult on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Play ""Black"", ""Jeremy (Clean)"", and ""Alive"" by Pearl Jam on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.",Guide your puddle of fluid through a vast range of environments and puzzles!,The original adventure game based on twisted William Shakespeare's Hamlet.,"Truffle Trouble is a unique game featuring Pax, the hero of Mushroom Men, that combines classic platforming action with imaginative puzzle-solving as you must move, stack, and use objects to create new paths to jump and clamber on, all while the besotted Truffle Princess draws ever closer.","The Ale Pack is designed to bring more happiness to the daily lives of Dwarves. Because after all, what is a Dwarf without beer? The Ale Pack provides your settlement with the legendary Ale Tree and Mead Barrel. Never again will your Dwarves need to brave the deep underground with dry throats.",Many Dwarven clans disappeared during the Magic War. One clan even went where no Dwarf has ever gone before; space. Now they have returned and brought with them new and strange technology for their Dwarven brethren. Dig deep and prosper!,The underground can be an empty and lonesome place for dwarves. In times past it was common for Dwarven clans to have pets and companions to make the settlements more lively and festive. The pets would keep the Dwarves company and even defend them in times of need.,Digital Extras Include: Making Of Book Soundtrack (12 tracks) Making of Video Making of Voice OversNote: Digital Extras will be located at Program files -&amp;gt; Steam -&amp;gt; Steamapps -&amp;gt; Common -&amp;gt; The Critter Chronicles -&amp;gt; Digital Extras,"Includes: 3 500 Galactic Standards, permanent +10% loyalty gain bonus, premium-sized warehouse for modules and weapons, grants an additional trophy search attempt after battles.","Includes: 10 000 Galactic Standards, Federation interceptor &amp;quot;Superkite&amp;quot;, Empire fighter &amp;quot;Desert Eagle&amp;quot;, Set of 5 unique stickers, +10% bonus to loyalty and ships synergy gain.","Includes: 25 000 Galactic Standards, interceptor &amp;quot;Wasp&amp;quot;, Jericho frigate &amp;quot;Priest Bartle&amp;quot;, Jericho fighter &amp;quot;Dragonfly&amp;quot;, Federation fighter &amp;quot;Bear&amp;quot;, Collection of 10 luxury stickers for your ships, +10% bonus to loyalty and ships synergy gain.","Includes: 5 000 Galactic Standards, T2 fighter &amp;quot;Joker&amp;quot;, 2 unique stickers, A week of Premium subscription.","Includes: 10 000 Galactic Standards, Unique pirate-themed T3 interceptor &amp;quot;Sai&amp;quot;, Unique pirate-themed T3 frigate &amp;quot;Reaper&amp;quot;, 5 unique stickers, +10% credit reward bonus, Two weeks of Premium subscription.","Includes: 15 000 Galactic Standards, Unique pirate-themed T2 fighter &amp;quot;Shark&amp;quot;, Unique pirate-themed T3 interceptor &amp;quot;Grim&amp;quot;, Unique pirate-themed T3 frigate &amp;quot;Phoenix&amp;quot;, 10 unique stickers, +10% credit reward bonus, A month of Premium subscription.","Hunt down the evil ""Big Mama"" Grimmoc in this all new chapter. Assemble your team and revisit the stunning realms of Ancaria! The battle has been won, but the war is not over yet! ""Big Mama"", the malodorous leader of the evil Grimmoc has escaped with the stolen Seraphim artifact into the menacing jungles of Ancaria!","After “KOF '98”, often praised by the fans as the best installment in the “KOF” series, and “KOF ’98 UM” 10 years later, “KOF ’98” returns now on the Steam PC gaming platform in an ultimate and final version with THE KING OF FIGHTERS ’98 ULTIMATE MATCH FINAL EDITION","KOF 2002 UM is the 2nd title in the UM Series and a fully upgraded ver. of KOF 2002, a masterpiece of the KOF Series deserving its place of honor alongside KOF ’98. Based on THE NESTS CHRONICLES, 2002 UM includes the most characters of any title in the KOF Series, and fighting game history as well!","The Rail Adventures VR Tech Demo is a free product, showcasing the upcoming action game Rail Adventures.","Choose your Realm and engage in the most dynamic player driven battlefield available on any MMO. Fight for the Alsius Empire, protect the woods of Syrtis or avenge the Brotherhood of Ignis.","The Class 377 ‘Electrostar’ is Britain’s most common Electric Multiple Unit and a favourite of London commuters, and now you can drive this advanced passenger train on Train Simulator.Replacing the popular slam door trains on south coast routes, the Class 377 is a common sight on routes out of London, primarily on mid and long distance...","In 2012, Norfolk Southern celebrated its 30th anniversary and honoured some of the railroads in its history by repainting 20 locomotives in ‘fallen flag’ liveries.Since the 1820s, hundreds of railroad companies were built, merged, reorganised and consolidated into what eventually became Norfolk Southern in 1982.","In 2012, Norfolk Southern celebrated its 30th anniversary and honoured some of the railroads in its history by repainting 20 locomotives in ‘fallen flag’ liveries.Since the 1820s, hundreds of railroad companies were built, merged, reorganised and consolidated into what eventually became Norfolk Southern in 1982.","One of the world’s most famous locomotives, the Flying Scotsman, is now here for Train Simulator in a new LNER black livery.The Gresley-designed Flying Scotsman has become an icon of British steam, hauling the first non-stop Flying Scotsman train service from London to Edinburgh in 1928 and breaking records ever since.","The second-generation Deutsche Bahn ICE 2 is synonymous with stylish high speed train travel in Germany, and now you can take control of this cool express train in Train Simulator.The ICE 2 is the second class of high speed train serving the German railway network, built between 1995 and 1997 as an enhanced high speed unit to its...","The Class 422 ‘4BIG’ was a slam door classic across the south coast routes of England and is now available for Train Simulator.The 4BIG was similar to the standard 4CIG EMU but contained a buffet car in place of an intermediate trailer, thereby consisting of two driving trailers, a non-driving motor coach and a buffet car.","The demise of steam traction in North America during the 1940s saw the birth of the hard-working GE 44 Tonner switcher, now available for Train Simulator in the livery of Boston &amp;amp; Maine, one of the most dominant railroads of the northern New England region.","The AT&amp;amp;N Class 280-157 ‘Consolidation’ was a freight locomotive operating on a short railroad in the Deep South of the USA, and is now available for Train Simulator.The Class 280-157 was built by Lima Locomotive Works for the Alabama, Tennessee and Northern Railroad (AT&amp;amp;N).","The hard-working GE 44 Tonner switcher is now available for Train Simulator in Southern Pacific livery.More than 340 GE 44 Tonners were built and were originally designed for industrial and light switching duties, often replacing steam locomotives as diesel power became more widely used in the US.","The six-axle, 20 cylinder EMD SD 45 is now available for Train Simulator in Southern Pacific livery.Its powerful engine and versatility made the EMD SD 45 a popular class of locomotive among US railroads.","The heyday of Scottish steam from the 1960s is recreated in the Western Lines of Scotland route, now available for Train Simulator.The route features a collection of railway lines representing the journey from Carlisle to Stranraer, via Dumfries, just prior to the Beeching axe, which saw many of these lines disappear.","The popular EMD SD45 is now available for Train Simulator in three recognisable liveries of the Norfolk Southern Railway.Built between 1965 and 1971, the EMD SD45 was most at home hauling high-speed freight and intermodal services, although could occasionally be seen at the head of some passenger services.","The smallest of British Railway’s Standard class locomotives, the BR Standard Class 2MT, is now available for Train Simulator.Originally derived from the Ivatt-designed Class 2MT for the London, Midland and Scottish Railway, the BR Standard Class 2MT was designed by R.A.","London-Faversham High Speed brings together the exhilaration of high speed trains with the more serene ‘classic’ third rail lines of Kent all in one route, complete with the streamlined Southeastern Class 395.","One of the most short-lived electric locomotives for the Northeast Corridor – the Amtrak HHP-8 comes to Train Simulator for the stunning new NEC: New York-New Haven route.The 8,000hp, twin-cab electric HHP-8 (‘High Horse Power 8000’) was manufactured by a consortium of Bombardier Transportation and Alstom for use by Amtrak and the...","The heavyweight of UK freight is coming! The updated General Motors built Freightliner Class 66 V2.0 ‘Shed’ is now available for Train Simulator, with scenarios for the Edinburgh-Glasgow route.The Class 66 was introduced to the UK in 1998 as a replacement to the popular Class 59, using the same body shell as its forerunner but with...","The Class 101 was one of the largest classes of first generation Diesel Multiple Units on the British railway network, and you can now experience this DMU for Train Simulator, upgraded from a previous Class 101 pack and in the striking Strathclyde Passenger Transport (SPT) livery.","The ‘bodysnatching’ Class 57/0 in Freightliner livery is now available for Train Simulator.The Class 57/0 was introduced as a rebuilt version of the redundant Class 47, and externally both classes look the same.","The Class 150/2 DMU is a familiar sight across England, Wales and Scotland thanks to its widespread usage by regional operators. Now available for Train Simulator, this is a super-detailed model with highly-detailed controls and cab features which have been developed to get you as close as possible to operating a real Class 150/2.","The superbly detailed EWS Class 66 V2.0 is now available for Train Simulator.When British Rail’s freight operations were privatised in 1996, EWS brought most of BR’s freight operations, including many locomotives that were unreliable or at the end of their useful life.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the GP20 Southern Pacific add-on.","This DLC is only available to purchase in the USA.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the GP20 Southern Pacific add-on. If you check in the in-game store it will verify if you own it before you purchase.","The second generation EMD GP20 ushered in a new era of turbocharged locomotives on American railroads, and now this 2,000hp heavy freight hauler is available for Train Simulator in Southern Pacific livery.","The Electro-Motive GP20 was designed to satisfy the railroads’ 1960s demands for ever-more horsepower. In a production run lasting from November 1959 to April 1962, the EMD GP20 came to symbolize both the beginnings of the “second generation” of North American dieselization and the “horsepower race” of the early 1960s.","The heavy haulage turbo charged PRR Alco RS-11 road switcher is now available for Train Simulator.Built between 1956 and 1964, the RS-11 was Alco’s answer to the EMD GP9 and was fitted with a turbo charger and had a heavy pulling power of 1,800hp, making it an ideal heavy freighter but also saw some passenger service in its lifetime.","The diminutive Class 3F ‘Jinty’ 0-6-0 tank engine, designed by Henry Fowler and based on the Midland Railway Class 2441, is now available for Train Simulator in a number of LMS and BR liveries.In total, more than 400 of these locomotives were built between 1924 and 1931, originally for the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) and...","The Class 465 EMU is a popular sight across the south east of England on commuter services, and this modern four-car unit is now available for Train Simulator.The Class 465 ‘Networker’ replaced the ageing Class 415 (4EPB) EMUs that were previously in service across the southern rail network.","Once one of the most common sights on the British railway network, the Class 08 diesel shunter is now available for Train Simulator in the modern EWS and Freightliner liveries.The Class 08 was the ‘go to’ locomotive for general purpose duties, with almost any shunting required in yards and at stations carried out by a ‘Gronk’.","Produced by Metro-Cammell in Birmingham, the Class 101 was considered to be one of the most successful first generation diesel multiple units ever produced by British Rail, and is now available for Train Simulator in familiar BR liveries.","The BR423 is a familiar sight on Germany’s city commuter routes and this popular EMU (electric multiple unit) is ideal for running passenger services on your German routes in Train Simulator.Built over a nine year period from 1998 and a top speed of 140km/h (87mph), the BR423 is an ideal high capacity multiple unit to operate frequent...","Canada’s first transcontinental railway through the dramatic Rocky Mountains comes to life in this beautiful new route for Train Simulator, featuring imposing mountain passes, steep gradients and famous spiral tunnels.","The classic Class 31 diesel locomotive was a versatile workhorse of the British railway network, and now this Brush Type 2 is available for Train Simulator in BR Railfreight Sector and preserved BR Green liveries.British Railways’ ‘Pilot Scheme’ to replace steam traction saw 20 Type 2 diesel locomotives built by Brush Traction in 1957.","The record-breaking streamlined Class A4 Pacifics were the flagships of prestigious high-speed steam travel in the UK, and the six surviving ‘Streaks’ are now available for Train Simulator in one special Gathering.","One of Germany’s earliest and most important railway routes between Berlin and Wittenberg is now available for Train Simulator.The origins of the route were established in 1840 by the Berlin-Anhalt Railway Company, who constructed a railway line between Berlin and Köthen, via Jüterborg and Dessau.","The Class 87 was the last purpose built electric locomotive for the West Coast Main Line following electrification of the line north of Crewe, and now you can take control of British Rail’s flagship electric model in Train Simulator.","The loud and grating noises of a BR232 ‘Ludmilla’ make this former Soviet diesel locomotive a favourite among German rail fans, and now you can take control of this heavy freighter in Train Simulator.Originally built in the Ukraine between 1970 and 1982, the BR232 (then the DR Class 132) was originally imported into the former German...","The route from Hamburg to Hanover in Germany is one of the most important railway lines in Lower Saxony, running from the state capital of Hanover to Germany’s second largest city, Hamburg, and now you can take control of your own high speed passenger train on this arterial route in Train Simulator.","The ever popular EMD SD40-2 is now available for Train Simulator in a unique red, white and blue livery as operated by Union Pacific.More than 4,000 models were built by General Motors’ Electro-Motive Division EMD) between 1972 and 1989, as part of the company’s Dash 2 series.","This DLC is only available to purchase in the USA.The hugely popular EMD F7 has hauled some of North America’s most celebrated passenger trains, including Great Northern’s Empire Builder, and is now available in this famous consist and livery for Train Simulator.","The distinctive Metronom ME 146 is a great add-on for Train Simulator players looking to expand their fleet of German passenger trains, complete with matching double-deck (Doppelstockwagen) coaches and driveable cab car (Steuerwagen).",The hustle and bustle of the UK’s capital city and the sprawling countryside of Essex and East Anglia come together in one fantastic modern route for Train Simulator.The 19th Century London Liverpool Street is the City terminus point of the Great Eastern Main Line before the line winds through the suburbs of London and past the Olympic...,"The Canadian-built Class 66 is a common sight across the UK’s freight network, and now the Powerhaul liveried ‘Shed’ is available for Train Simulator.At the time of the British railway network’s privatisation in the mid-1990s, many freight locomotives were bought by newly formed private operators, including English, Welsh &amp;amp; Scottish...","The powerful and impressive BR DP1 Deltic evokes the UK’s glorious railway heritage, and this attractive prototype diesel locomotive is now available for Train Simulator.The amalgamation of engine manufacturer Napier &amp;amp; Sons and locomotive builder English Electric in 1942 opened up the potential to use the powerful Napier Deltic...",The powerful SD70ACe is a popular sight across the US freight railroad network and is now available for Train Simulator in six attractive heritage liveries of Union Pacific.Production of the SD70ACe version began in 2004 as General Motors’ response to the popular GE Dash 9-44CW.,"A mainstay of BR’s locomotive fleet in the 1990s, the Class 90 was a replacement to BR’s ageing fleet of electric locomotives, and is now available for Train Simulator in two liveries that are ideal for the Great Eastern Main Line London-Ipswich route.","The commuter BR111 electric locomotive seen across Germany since the 1970s is now available for Train Simulator, with accompanying DBbzf Control Car and double decker passenger coaches.In the early 1970s, Deutsche Bahn’s demand for electric locomotives for passenger trains saw the development of the BR111, a successor to the Class 110...","The three-car BR 420 electric multiple unit (EMU) has plied its trade across many of Germany’s city S-Bahn networks, and is now available for Train Simulator with scenarios for the Munich-Augsburg route.In total, 480 units were built for the S-Bahn networks of Munich, Frankfurt and Stuttgart between 1969 and 1997, before being largely...","A drive to replace ageing, costly diesel locomotives across Europe has seen a number of new generation diesel fleets enter service in recent years, including the advanced ER20 Eurorunner, now available for Train Simulator in the eye-catching MRCE black gloss livery.","The S-Bahn routes of Hanover are regularly served by the Class 424 electric multiple unit and are an ideal commuter train to accommodate the high volume of commuters passing through the City. Constructed from 1998 onwards, the Class 424 is similar in appearance to the DB Class 425 and 423 trainsets, but are better suited to the low...","The seven mile Sheerness Branch line from Sittingbourne to Sheerness carries daily commuters from the mainland of Kent to the county’s only island, the Isle of Sheppey.Shuttle services between the two towns run regularly throughout the week, and serve commuters from London in one direction and the Kent coast from the other.","The vast number of SD70 diesel locomotives produced since the early 1990s has seen the Class become one of the most popular diesel models seen on the US rail network, and the SD70M is now available for Train Simulator in Southern Pacific livery.","It’s not all beaches and surfing in California – the stunning Pacific Surfliner® LA – San Diego route for Train Simulator takes you through some of the US state’s most stunning scenery, past golden beaches and into sprawling cityscapes.","The dual voltage Class 92 electric locomotive is now available for Train Simulator in the privatised livery of English, Welsh &amp;amp; Scottish Railway (EWS) livery.The Class was built by a consortium of Brush Traction and ABB Traction between 1993 and 1996 with the intention of running services through the Channel Tunnel between Britain...","One of the most modern and most powerful locomotives for cargo and passenger transport in Europe has arrived for Train Simulator.The MRCE ES 64 U2 ‘Taurus’ is a new generation high performance electric locomotive built by Siemens between 2000 and 2008, and part of the second generation of Eurosprinter locomotives built by the company.","Built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division, the F59PHI is most commonly used on passenger trains throughout North America. Most significantly, it was also the first train to meet California’s strict emission standards, a feature that has seen its use across North America.","The seven-car BR 411 ‘ICE-T’ was the first tilting train to enter service on the German railway network, and now joins the stable of ICE trains for Train Simulator.The ICE-T was developed by Siemens in parallel with the ICE 3 and ICE TD in the early 1990s, designed to operate on lines previously served by slower loco-hauled InterCity...","The Gresley-designed Class J50 from Meshtools is now available for Train Simulator in a number of BR and LNER liveries.The origins of the Class J50 were in the Sir Nigel Gresley-designed Class J23, an 0-6-0T steam locomotive designed in 1913 for the purpose of working short-haul coal traffic in Yorkshire.","One of the UK’s most important rail routes and also one of the busiest freight routes in Europe comes to life in the fantastic West Coast Main Line Over Shap route for Train Simulator, from Krossrails.The first section to open of what is now the West Coast Main Line was in 1837, connecting Liverpool and Manchester to Birmingham, via...","The longest heritage railway in the UK comes to life in the beautiful West Somerset Railway route add-on for Train Simulator, available now.The origins of what is now one of the favourite preserved railways for enthusiasts began back in the mid-1800s, when a number of proposals were submitted for railway schemes in west Somerset;...",Two of the West Somerset Railway’s most popular locomotives – the Class 47 and Class 03 – come together in this gathering of preserved diesels for Train Simulator.The Class 47 was one of the first mass produced diesel locomotive after the gradual withdrawal of steam locomotives on the UK railway network in the 1960s.,"One of the busiest routes on the British rail network springs to life in the stunning East Coast Main Line London-Peterborough route for Train Simulator, featuring the classic High Speed Train and commuter Class 365 EMU.","The EMD DDA40X comes to Train Simulator, and talk about arriving in style - with 6,600hp and a mammoth length of 98ft, the DDA40X says it loud and clear: 'if you're gonna have a locomotive, have a LOCOMOTIVE!'.","PLEASE NOTE: Train Simulator is not required to play this game.All Aboard the Holiday Express!‘Twas the night before Christmas, when all through the houseNot a creature was stirring, not even a mouse;The stockings were hung by the chimney with careA train shot by as fast as a hare!Get yourself the Richie Rails 'Electric' Holiday Express.","The latest route for Train Simulator captures the rugged beauty of South Africa. This route will take you on a 3’6” Cape gauge line through twenty six stations or halts on the way. Experience a range of terrain, from lush green plantations, winding rivers, traversing gorges, numerous tunnels, mountain sides, deep valleys and open plains.","Considered to be one of the most reliable and trouble-free EMUs of the Mk3 family, the Class 321 is a popular commuter train operated by a number of companies across the UK, and now available for Train Simulator in First Capital Connect livery.","This DLC is only available to purchase in the USA.One of the very first modern cowl-bodied diesel locomotives built for the North American market, the EMD F45, is now available for Train Simulator.Built by General Motors’ Electro-Motive Division between 1968 and 1971, the F45 was essentially an SD45 wrapped in the distinguishable...","The flagship locomotive for the East Coast Main Line, the Class 91, speeds into Train Simulator in its original InterCity Swallow livery, complete with Mk4 coaches and Driving Van Trailer.The Class 91 was built as a development of the Advanced Passenger Train (APT) project, which was abandoned during the 1980s, and was introduced in 1988...","The ubiquitous Amtrak P42 DC is one of the most modern and fuel efficient diesel locomotive on the North American rail network, and is now available for Train Simulator.Most notable for its streamlined, low profile single carbody design, the P42 DC is unique among North American diesel-electric locomotives because of its low height,...","The Bo-Bo Class 20 ‘Chopper’ is now available for Train Simulator in BR Green livery, complete with scenarios for the stunning Western Lines of Scotland route.Built initially from 1957 to 1962, and then again from 1966 until 1968, the 228 locomotives in the Class were designed to haul freight, but were often pressed into service during...","The ‘teddy bear’ of diesel-hydraulic locomotives is now available for Train Simulator in its original British Rail Green livery.The single six-cylinder engine locomotives were built in the mid-1960s by BR’s Swindon Works, with the intention of working in shunting yards and short distance freight trains.","Considered by some to be the pinnacle of British steam locomotive design, the Class 9F comes to Train Simulator in British Railways black livery.The Standard Class 2-10-0 locomotive was designed by Robert Riddles for BR and was the last in a series of standardised locomotive classes designed in the 1950s.","The English Riviera comes to Train Simulator in the beautifully picturesque ‘The Riviera Line: Exeter-Paignton’ route, which runs through some of the most scenic landscape in England.Set in the area of the south west coast of England known as the English Riviera, due to its mild climate and sandy beaches, this picturesque line opened in...","As part of British Rail’s popular Sprinter family of diesel multiple units, Class 159s were a popular sight on south west services from the UK’s capital to the west of England, and is now available for Train Simulator.","The high-powered GP50 from EMD is now available for Train Simulator in Union Pacific livery.The GP50 was the first model built by General Motors’ Electro-Motive Division to be equipped with microprocessor controls, similar to GE’s Dash 8 Series, which EMD saw as the main competitor to its own four-axle model.","One of the classic early diesel era locomotives, the Class 52, comes to Train Simulator as seen on mainline rail tours across the UK.Built by British Rail for the Western Region between 1961 and 1964, the Type 4 locomotive followed the Western Region’s preference for diesel-hydraulic models, compared to the more usual diesel-electric...","The heavy freight second generation Class 56 diesel locomotive comes to Train Simulator in BR Sectors livery.Built for British Rail between 1976 and 1984, the first batch of 30 locomotives were built by Electroputere in Romania as a replacement to ageing fleets of first generation locomotives such as the Class 37 and Class 47.",Some of London’s busiest railway routes serving two of the City’s busiest termini are featured in this stunning new South London Network route for Train Simulator.The myriad of intersecting and crossing lines that today form the Greater London railway network features two of the capital’s most well-known and busiest termini – London...,"The TRAXX series of electric locomotives from Bombardier is responsible for many of Germany’s more modern freight and passenger locomotives, including the BR 145, now available for Train Simulator.The mainline BR 145 was derived from the prototype locomotive 128 001, built by AEG and Henschel as an experimental high-performance electric...","In Aarklash: Legacy take command of a mercenary squad in search of truth and guide it through countless battles.Welcome to Aarklash, a land of chaos where incessant battles between the forces of Light, Destiny and Darkness have lasted since the beginning of time.",Play a classic Shoot 'Em Up... in reverse!,Celebrate Dungeon Defenders 1 year anniversary and defend the Tavern with the Dungeon Defenders Anniversary pack! This DLC contains: Tavern Defenders Campaign Mission Party Hats Accessories Birthday Cake Crystal Core Kobold on a Treadmill...,"In Reus, you control powerful giants to shape the planet to your will. You can create mountains, oceans, forests and more. Enrich your planet with plants, minerals and animal life. There is only one thing on the planet that you do not control: mankind, with all their virtues and and all their vices.","2 SIDES, 12 NATIONS, 750 UNITS: THE STRATEGY GAME REFERENCE IS BACK! Richer, more beautiful and more accessible, Wargame AirLand Battle is the sequel to the explosive real-time strategy game Wargame European Escalation! 1985.","Take to the streets for intense close quarters combat, where a team's survival depends upon securing crucial strongholds and destroying enemy supply in this multiplayer and cooperative Source Engine based experience.","“THE KING OF FIGHTERS XIII”, SNK PLAYMORE’s flagship 2D versus fighting title returns in an ultimate version on Steam!!The many features exclusive to the console version of the game, such as the ONLINE Mode that allows you to enjoy smooth online versus matches with rivals from around the world, the Tutorial Mode which can be enjoyed by...","A toxic waste spill finds its way into the water supply, causing the recently deceased to rise from their graves. Now it's up to you to blast your way through the hordes of undead if you're going to escape the city. On the way to your rescue, you'll search stores and houses for supplies, and trade with other survivors.","The long-standing 7 Wonders series keeps getting better and better! The fifth installment, 7 Wonders: Ancient Alien Makeover, adds an entirely new game component, new Wonders and a new and exciting material – Alien Energy!","The Otomo Clan Pack adds a new playable faction to Total War: SHOGUN 2 for use in single or multiplayer Campaign modes and Custom and Multiplayer Battles. Having forged an early alliance with Portuguese traders, The Otomo Clan reaps great economic and military benefits from its wealthy, gun-toting ally and in doing so, the clan has...",Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is a blistering hardcore platformer with contrasting worlds.,"Pilot Commando: This skin gives the Commando a pilot suit inspired from the new ""Get To The Chopper"" game mode.",The Trapper gets a black tie ensemble and a new set of golden guns with this skin.,"A mysterious package has arrived, and the little monster inside has only one request… CANDY! Use your mouse to cut the ropes and release delicious bundles of candy into Om Nom's mouth. As you keep your new companion's sweet tooth satisfied, be sure to collect shiny gold stars to unlock new levels.","Never saw it coming! The Sniper - a highly trained marksman who engages enemy targets from concealed position or physical distance exceeding the detection capabilities of the enemy personnel.Key Features:A soldier unit slot with an unlocked Sniper proficiencyA first weapon equip100,000 in-game credits to upgrade and/or equip...","CQC? The Close Quarter Combat soldier - a fighting unit trained to engage the enemy with personal weapons at close range with a rapid assault and a precise application of lethal force.Key Features:A soldier unit slot with an unlocked Close Quarter Combat proficiencyA first weapon equip100,000 in-game credits to upgrade and/or equip...","Feeling better already! The Medic – skilled military personnel responsible for providing first aid and frontline trauma care on the battlefield, but can still hold his own in a firefight.Key Features:A soldier unit slot with an unlocked Medic proficiencyA first weapon equip100,000 in-game credits to upgrade and/or equip...","Not only won’t they see the forest for the trees, but they’ll miss you at deadly close range. Dressed in this new woodland-styled camo, getting the drop on your target at the forest floor is now a walk in the park, if that park was a high-density wood.","An enemy who can’t see you, is unlikely to hit you. An enemy who is afraid of you, is unlikely to try. This ninja outfit is the mark of a master on the battlefield. Trained in the skills of his master before him, and quickly silenced, so that the secrets die with you and your targets die first.",Dressed to the nines in this custom desert-cloaked camo will leave enemies digging in the dirt and coming up empty. Pitch your tent in the dust covered dunes and catch your opponent off-guard in a mirage of safety.,"Sporting this white winter apparel lets you avalanche your target in a hail of attacks, giving them less than a snowball’s chance of survival. The snow-drenched camo keeps you warm in the cold, and your opponents on thin ice.","Keep peace with the lords of the jungle, and remember the night is for hunting. Those who wear the tiger camo know to keep the law, and in it, the strong will survive. Sporting this hunter’s stripes will keep your enemies prey. And they’ll do plenty of praying when night falls.","It may not give you a PP7, but this set of Golden Guns is sure to catch attention. Harkening back to the days when we all coveted something shiny in a deadly arena match, these weapons are a match for any foe. I like a campaign with Golden Guns, no concealed weapons.","1654 AC. The Caribbean. A place of opportunities and mysteries. Take a role of Charles de Maure - a young French noble who arrived to the New World to assist his brother. What seemed to be a simple family matter, turned into a lifelong adventure!","Perpetuum is a persistent, sandbox, single server, massively multiplayer sci-fi rpg (MMORPG). Control huge robots and mechs to gain access to an alien planet's resources and knowledge, amass huge wealth, or even claim part of the world for yourself using terraforming and complex infrastructure.",Operate an advanced mining ship in a fully destructible and open-world environment!,"Experience a mind-bending, psychedelic sensory overload in Dyad! Blast through a reactive audio-visual tube creating a harmonious synthesis of color and sound as you Hook, Graze, and Lance enemies to master Dyad's 27 unique levels.",The ultimate block building game.,"Miasmata is a first-person survival/adventure game, developed from the ground-up by brothers Joe and Bob Johnson. You play as Robert Hughes, a plague-stricken scientist on a journey to discover a cure. Your adventure begins on the shores of a remote and mysterious island.","Style your Sims with the latest Diesel apparel, accessories and furniture and get ready for successful living. The Sims™ 3 Diesel Stuff Pack contains the hottest fashions and home furnishings for your Sims from one of the world's most popular lifestyle brands. Update your Sims' wardrobes with Diesel styles straight off the runway.","Embrace the supernatural in a whole new world full of magic, mystery and mischief. Create witches, vampires, fairies or werewolves right from the beginning. Each supernatural Sim has strange new traits and abilities that add humor and challenges to their lives and the world around them.","Let your Sims swim in the ocean on a hot summer day, bob for apples in the autumn leaves, test their snowboarding skill on the half pipe, or welcome spring showers with a walk in the rain and a colorful umbrella. All-new activities, like soccer, and big seasonal festivals and celebrations bring the spirit of each season to life.","Give your Sims the hottest looks and coolest décor from yesteryear with The Sims 3 70s, 80s, &amp; 90s Stuff. Rock all-new outfits, crazy hairstyles, and facial hair. Sport a 70s disco look with a wide-collared suit and bell-bottom pants, go 80s glam with shoulder pads and bangle earrings, or throw on a rumpled flannel shirt for a wild 90s...","Create and control Sims by customizing everything from their appearances and personalities to their homes. Then send them off to university where they will enjoy new opportunities, like social connections and career growth. From class activities to major-specific objects, your Sim will find new ways to learn!","New adventures await your Sims on the sunny shores and beneath the glistening water of an island paradise! From exploring the tropical isles to creating a five-star resort experience, your Sims can decide to embark on an unforgettable journey or make themselves a new home in this new utopia.","Welcome to the ancient North, once the cradle of culture and peace, but is now corrupted by magic and inhabited by nasty bandits sowing destruction in airships.Choose to be a vicious Buccaneer or an infamous Viking and take a glider to the skies. Your goal is to drop enemy vessels and secure dominance of the ancient North.","Cry of Fear is a psychological single-player and co-op horror game set in a deserted town filled with horrific creatures and nightmarish delusions. You play as a young man desperately searching for answers in the cold Scandinavian night, finding his way through the city as he slowly descends into madness.","Somewhere between a platformer, a puzzle game and a great big dollop of pure fun, Fly’N will challenge your skills through more than forty levels set in a luxuriant world. Experiment with the four Buds to save the World-Trees from Dyer, the loony hair-dryer who intends to destroy their Helys!","FLYN Original Soundtrack, composed by Guillaume Pervieux, includes 40 tracks. Track list: Adcoffe Onnemil Estvill Rustium Mootoce Opplogo Wehreek Ryarding Andndamm Oundrome Getsdap Unavedi Benzoic Rovara Facrificing Suezvacy Schweno Yservat Libitia Veriome Mmandedi Arrianti Sonwide Oresipcy Fucus Associ Vocum Meuse Yyates Oysicide...",Feel the excitement of flying the Su-25T &amp;quot;Frogfoot&amp;quot; attack jet and the TF-51D &amp;quot;Mustang&amp;quot; in the free-to-play Digital Combat Simulator World!,"The Mustang was among the best and most well-known fighters used by the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II. Possessing excellent range and maneuverability, the P-51 operated primarily as a long-range escort fighter and also as a ground attack fighter-bomber with bombs, rockets, and machine guns.","Long, long ago, there was an ancient kingdom called Ys which prospered under the auspices of two heavenly Goddesses. Over time, the kingdom came to be known as Esteria, and its divine history was largely forgotten by all but the descendants of those who once preached the Goddesses’ will.","Xenonauts is a strategy game in which you control a multi-national military organisation defending a Cold War-era Earth from alien invasion, using small squads of persistent soldiers to eliminate the extraterrestrials and recover their technology in turn-based ground combat.","3DMark has everything you need to benchmark your PC. With its wide range of benchmarks, you can test everything from tablets and notebooks to the latest 4K gaming PCs. 3DMark now includes Time Spy, a DirectX 12 benchmark for the latest graphics cards.","Newly self-aware, I.R.I.S. the martial-arts wielding assassin motorcycle, has begun a cross-continent escape to freedom. I.R.I.S.’s only ally is her engineer Pablo, who gets conscripted into the quest after his pant leg gets caught in her chassis. Hunted by the psychopathic motorcycle S.P.I.K.E. and a multinational weapons cartel, I.R.I.","&amp;quot;When there's no more room in hell, the dead will walk the earth.&amp;quot;A tribute to the highly acclaimed film series in which the above quote originated from, No More Room in Hell (PC Gamer's Mod of the Year 2011, ModDB's Editor Choice Multiplayer Mod of the Year 2011), is a co-operative realistic first person survival horror...","Simple Enough for a Child; Powerful Enough for a DeveloperRPG Maker VX Ace improves every aspect of RPG creation, making it not only the latest, but also the greatest engine in the RPG Maker Series. With multiple tileset support, full autoshadow control, and a flexible features system, Ace gives you the most powerful RPG making tools...",VirtualDJ is revolutionary software which allows audio and video mixing right from a computer. VirtualDJ is simple and intuitive to use but do not be fooled — there are many advanced features to explore and customize.,"Folk Tale is a single-player fantasy village builder RPG game. Grow your village from nothing, recruit heroes, explore dungeons, battle bosses, and take home a big bag of sweet loot.","CONTRAST is a puzzle/platform game where you can move between a fantastic 3D world and a mysterious shadowy universe in 2D in the blink of an eye. Delve into a dreamlike and surreal 1920s world, inspired by the performance art world of vaudeville and film noir, and cradled by a smooth and sultry jazz ambiance.",CONTRAST - Original Soundtrack + Art Book includes digital copies of Shadow Music – A Soundtrack to Contrast and the Official Art Book.,"Octodad: Dadliest Catch is a game about destruction, deception, and fatherhood. The player controls Octodad, a dapper octopus masquerading as a human, as he goes about his life. Octodad's existence is a constant struggle, as he must master mundane tasks with his unwieldy boneless tentacles while simultaneously keeping his cephalopodan...","Gnomoria is a sandbox village management game where you help lead a small group of gnomes, who have set out on their own, to thrive into a bustling kingdom! Anything you see can be broken down and rebuilt elsewhere.","Say hello to the creative shooter. Ace of Spades: Battle Builder is the first-person shooter that lets you create your battleground, destroy it, then create it again. Up to 32 players choose from seven unique classes and jump into team-based, multiplayer mayhem across an endlessly evolving battlefield, to construct, destruct and take out...","It’s Your Life – Where Do You Want to Go? Spin the wheel and choose your path – the possibilities are endless! Stay single or say “I do”. Retire rich or lose it all. Anything can happen in THE GAME OF LIFE! Choose your car and take a spin on the winding road of life. Play it safe with sensible choices like college, marriage and kids.","Take on the role of a Colonial Bureaucrat sent forth by the Clockwork Empire to build a Frontier Colony. Design houses &amp;amp; workshops to feed the Ravenous Maw of Industry, manage a uniquely unruly population, avoid cannibalism &amp;amp; monsters, and make Important Decisions for the glory of the Empire!","Gomez is a 2D creature living in a 2D world. Or is he? When the existence of a mysterious 3rd dimension is revealed to him, Gomez is sent out on a journey that will take him to the very end of time and space. Use your ability to navigate 3D structures from 4 distinct classic 2D perspectives.","Super House of Dead Ninjas is an action arcade game with roguelite elements. Race against a 30 second timer as you descend floor after foe-filled floor and attempt to unlock the secrets of this deadly tower!Play as the fearsome Crimson Ninja, wielding an arsenal of deadly ninja weapons and attacks.","Arma Tactics is a turn-based close-combat strategy game, where you take control of a four-member Special Forces team. There are no given strategies, rails to move on, or paths to follow; it‘s up to you to decide how you will play through both the story-driven missions and generated missions with randomized objectives.","In the near future, mankind faces the greatest threat to its posterity ever in recorded history: an invading Nazi horde, reborn in the depths of space! An armada of Fourth Reich ships, built in secret at a hidden base on the moon, descends upon the Earth to rain terror and destruction.But this is not done without resistance.","Adventurer Lara Croft has been hired to recover the pieces of an ancient artifact known as the Scion. With her fearless acrobatic style she runs, jumps, swims and climbs her way towards the truth of its origin and powers - leaving only a trail of empty tombs and gun-cartridges in her wake.","Guide two brothers on an epic fairy tale journey from visionary Swedish film director, Josef Fares and top-tier developer Starbreeze Studios. Control both brothers at once as you experience co-op play in single player mode, like never before.","The definitive version of the cult classic shooter, Shadow Warrior Classic Redux features remastered visuals and two massive expansion packs. Corporations rule every facet of life in a near-future Japan and employ Shadow Warriors, one-man armies of unparalleled skill, to protect their power and forcefully remove all opposition.","This series of video tutorials will help you to learn more about the modding tools offered in Farming Simulator 2013®. Through 18 video tutorials, you will learn how to: Use Giants editor Edit vehicles and map for the game Import/export mods in your favorite 3D software (Maya / 3Ds MAX / Blender) Edit game textures with Photoshop...","Brütal Legend is an action-adventure that marries visceral action combat with open-world freedom. Set in a universe somewhere between Lord of the Rings and Spinal Tap, it’s a fresh take on the action/driving genre, which in this case is full of imitation cover bands, demons intent on enslaving humanity and Heavy metal tunes.",Official Brütal Legend Soundtrack by Peter McConnell.Track list:The Chosen Roadie11 O'clock Is a DirectionRaptor's VeidLamprey AttackSpirit of BladehengeRuinsTime To Break the ChainsThe Big Kiss Blades of Serenity The Spider's Lair Thunderhorn Betrayed Sea of Black TearsA Creature Shall Rise Pile of Skulls Gather This Great ArmyRescue...,"Full Mojo Rampage is a rogue-like game that takes place within the confines of the Voodoo reality. In this realm only the most powerful rites and powers can provide a safeguard against evil. Dying is not the end, only the beginning to becoming a stronger voodoo soul!","DARK is a unique stealth-action game with RPG elements in which you take on the role of the ultimate hunter: a vampire. Ambush your enemies from the shadows, roam the darkness and use powerful vampire skills to dispatch your opponents.","Cities in Motion 2 is the sequel to the popular mass transit simulation game Cities in Motion. Build, manage and lead your transportation network to provide cities with their ever changing needs. CIM2 introduces new features including multiplayer game modes, day and night cycles, timetables and dynamic cities.","Want more buses? Here they are! The Bus Mania pack offers five all-new bus type vehicles to spice up the game. Try out these modern vehicles to make the most of your routes, or build new lines with brand new vehicles for the citizens to marvel at. Pavlov Arriva: Do you have a line with hard to please customers?","Populate the waters in your city with brand new vessels! Five new waterbuses offer speed, capacity and will surely have your passengers in awe as they sail out of the depots.  Donau Trooper: It's a bit clunky looking, but don't let that deceive you!","Everything is trolleys! This pack offers five new trolley bus vehicles to adorn your streets. Whether it is speed, capacity or low maintenance that you are looking for, these are the vehicles to help you out.  Ness TransLink: It's a bit slow and needs a lot of maintenance, but the TransLink has unsurpassed capacity to carry passengers.","Add some lofty architecture to spice up your town with this DLC. Lofty Landmarks offers four new buildings: the formidable Cologne Cathedral, the famous Westminster Palace featuring the Elizabeth Tower and it's Big Ben bell, the renowned German Brandenburg Gate, and the 30 St. Mary Axe, commonly known as the Gherkin of London.","Looking for a vintage feeling? Here are a few vehicles that were in the original game too! The pack contains two buses, two trams, a ferry and a trolley bus to spice up your game. Comet Ambienta (bus): Introduced to the world in 1995 by the successful Swedish manufacturer, its design was inspired by smooth forms of nature and recent...","These are the best of the best of the vehicles originally in the first Cities in Motion. The two buses, three trams and a ferry will bring novelty with a vintage twist to your game! - Maurice Futura (bus): The Maurice Futura is very attractive to passengers and uses only the minimum of petrol.","Marvellous Monorails offers an all-new vehicle type to Cities in Motion 2. The monorail is a handy vehicle for innercity connections and works best in circular lines. The pack boasts five different monorail vehicles, from the slow but very large Toyoka Cybria City, to the super-fast but quite high maintenance Stern-Berger Mate.","Prove you are the world's greatest swordsman! Engage in tactical 1 vs. 1 sword fighting, 2 vs. 2, or sandbox FFA, or capture Control Points in a tactical slash-em-up.",Experience the world of Ancaria in its full glory with Sacred 2: Gold Edition. Containing Sacred 2 Fallen Angel and the awesome add-on Ice and Blood. Defeat countless dangerous enemies; capture powerful weapons and valuable treasures. Prepare yourself for the ultimate battle and become a legend.,"Play on maps designed by Stardock. They introduce new challenges, dangerous threats and worlds to explore.",This collection includes five brand-new skins for the dinosaur classes,"The makers of the PixelJunk series welcome you to Soup Co., Astroworker! As an integral part of the Soup Co. family, your mission is to explore the remote planets in search of tasty ingredients to make the galaxies most delicious soups and then rocket them into the gullets of our hungry customers.","Weird Worlds: Return to Infinite Space is a hybrid roguelike game of space exploration, adventure and starship combat.",Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 12.,Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 13.,Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 14.,Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 15.,Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 16.,Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 17.,Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 18.,Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 19.,Do you want to unlock a new Sealed Play Deck? Gain access to a new set of cards to play through the Sealed Play experience by purchasing a new Sealed Play Deck - Slot 20.,"Marvel Heroes Omega assembles one of the largest gatherings of iconic Super Heroes, Villains, and locations from the Marvel Universe in gaming history. Band together with fellow adventurers in Earth’s mightiest Action-RPG, take the fight to Doctor Doom in an epic nine-chapter story campaign, and experience your favorite Heroes, including...","For the first time in SpellForce, you play not as the hero to tell his story, but rather as one of the NPCs.","For the first time in SpellForce, you play not as the hero to tell his story, but rather as one of the NPCs.",Professor Twiddle is on a mission of exploration in Dun Mora.,"Get even more insanity by upgrading your game to the Deluxe Edition with the Far Cry® 3 Deluxe Bundle. Includes six single-player missions, four rare animals to hunt, a bow and flare gun for multiplayer, and all other previously released retail bonuses in The Monkey Business Pack, The Lost Expeditions, The Warrior Pack, and The Predator...","Feel the power of new turbocharged FORMULA ONE™ cars in the most accessible FORMULA 1™ video game yet. Features all the cars, drivers and circuits from the 2014 FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP™!","FREE GAME UPDATE! Desktop Dungeons: Enhanced Edition. More ways to die horribly in 10 minutes or less. The award winning quick-play puzzle roguelike is now packed with new content, new classes and a new way to play: Compete against your friends in the seeded Daily Dungeon!","Crusader Kings II: Hymns to the Old Gods contains four new songs, totaling almost 12 minutes, created by the talented composer Andreas Waldetoft. These grand songs run while playing as Norse characters to enhance the experience and atmosphere of the game.","Enhance your Crusader Kings II experience with the Celtic Unit Pack. The Celtic Unit Pack adds unique graphics for the Irish, Scottish, Welsh and Breton armies. Although having adopted the arms and traditions of a new era, the roots of the Celtic warriors remain strong.","Enhance your Crusader Kings II Experience with the Celtic Portraits pack. Celtic Portraits adds thousands of unique face combinations for male and female characters of the Celtic cultures. This including Irish, Scottish, Welsh and Breton characters.","Enhance your Crusader Kings II experience with the Dynasty Shields III DLC. This pack contains historically accurate Coat of Arms for 50 famous families of Medieval Europe. The Dynasty Shields III DLC pays special attention to the pagan families of The Old Gods, including Stenkil, Munsö, Crovan, Karen, Ylfing and many more.","Crusader Kings II: Europa Universalis IV Converter enables the rulers of Crusader Kings II to continue their reign in the world of Europa Universalis IV. This save game converter will bring the rulers, religions, cultures and nations of a Crusader Kings II save game to Europa Universalis IV, allowing for hundreds of years of additional...",Do you think your character has an ugly beard? Trim it! (And get a haircut while you're at it...) Want to change the name of your kingdom to 'Awesomia'? Do it. Does your faithful vassal have a stupid dynasty name or shield? Customize them! The Customization Pack allows you to alter all of these things in-game.,"Crusader Kings II: Sons of Abraham is the fifth expansion for the critically praised strategy/RPG. Gameplay focuses on the Abrahamic religions; Christianity, Islam and Judaism. Get your bishops appointed cardinals and tap the might of the Papacy, borrow money from the Knights Templar and send troublesome relatives off to live out their...","Crusader Kings II: Military Orders Unit Pack includes unique unit graphics for the Military Orders of the Christian faith. These new unit models, exclusively for the Christian Holy Orders, will enhance the visual experience of Crusader Kings II. This unit pack contains seven new unit models for any unit raised as a Christian Holy Order.","Crusader Kings II: Warriors of Faith Unit Pack includes unique unit graphics for Holy Orders and Warriors of Faith for non-Christian religions such as Islam, Norse, Zoastrians and Azteks. A total of eleven new unit models enhances the visual experience of Crusader Kings II when raising holy orders of the non-Christian religions.","Crusader Kings II: Hymns of Abraham contains two new songs, totaling almost 15 minutes, created by the talented composer Andreas Waldetoft. These grand songs run while playing as characters of the Abrahamic religions to enhance the players experience and the atmosphere of the game.",Crusader Kings II: Songs of Yuletide DLCGod Jul and other Holiday Greetings from wintry Sweden! Paradox Development Studio wishes all of our fans a happy holiday with this gift of a Yuletide Carol for Crusader Kings II and Europa Universalis IV.,"Crusader Kings II: Saxon Unit PackEnhance your Crusader Kings II experience with the Saxon Unit Pack. The Saxon Unit Pack adds seven new, unique unit models for Saxon rulers.Crusader Kings II explores one of the defining periods in world history in an experience crafted by the masters of Grand Strategy.","Crusader Kings II: Finno-Ugric Unit PackEnhance your Crusader Kings II experience with the Finno-Ugric Unit Pack. The Finno-Ugric Unit Pack adds seven new, unique unit models for Finnish, Lappish, Komi, Samoyed and Mordvin rulers.","Infestation is a Survival Horror MMO that immerses players in a zombie-infested, post-apocalyptic world in which a viral outbreak has decimated the human population leaving in its wake, a nightmare of epic proportion.","The extreme and unpredictable conditions that characterised the Lost Planet series return, harsher than ever before. Lost Planet 3 reveals new truths about the foreboding planet and the colonial history of E.D.N. III. Lost Planet 3 introduces Jim Peyton, a rig pilot who leaves Earth to take on a hazardous but lucrative contract on E.D.N.","Live the life of a Monster, from birth to elderhood and beyond, making decisions that affect the world of Monsters and Humans. Solve problems. Meet animals and interesting people. Get to know them. Eat them. Make your own story!",Pure and freestyle Motocross you have never seen before!,Some Families Keep Deadly Secrets!,"Age of Wonders III is the long anticipated sequel to the award-winning strategy series. Delivering a unique mix of Empire Building, Role Playing and Warfare, Age of Wonders III offers the ultimate in turn-based fantasy strategy for veterans of the series and new players alike!","In the 23rd century the human race has taken to the stars. From your beginnings on Earth, build a civilization that can stand the test of time in the largest space-based strategy game of all time. Join the adventure!","Ironclad Tactics is a fast-paced, card-based tactics game set in an alternate history Civil War - with steam-powered military robots!","Pinball FX2 is an ever-growing collection of original pinball table simulations built by Zen Studios, the world's premier virtual pinball developer.Pinball FX2 pairs classic pinball gameplay with themes from Star Wars, Marvel and more. Pick and choose the tables you like from a selection of dozens - there's something for everyone!","Jump into the action with the Pinball FX2 Core Pack, featuring some of the finest modern-day video game pinball creations from the pinball masters at Zen Studios. Four exciting themes await in the collection that set the standard for pinball design, and continues to be one of the highest rated Metacritic (88) pinball collections of all...","Your favorite Marvel Super Heroes are coming to Pinball FX2! Join Spider-Man, Wolverine, Iron Man, and Blade on four brand new Pinball FX2 tables. Use your pinball wizardry to save the world from the most notorious Super Villains, and relive the greatest moments of the classic Marvel Universe in an epic pinball adventure!","Zen Pinball Classics features a dazzling collection of four Zen Studios original pinball designs all upgraded for Pinball FX2. Shaman, El Dorado, Tesla and V12 have been re-mastered with updated graphics, superior ball physics, and a host of new features.","Marvel Pinball: Avengers Chronicles takes the critically acclaimed pinball series to uncharted territory. Each of the four tables in this brand new pack chronicles a blockbuster event in the Marvel Universe: Marvel's The Avengers (based on the 2012 film from Marvel Studios), Fear Itself, The Infinity Gauntlet and World War Hulk.","Marvel Pinball returns to Pinball FX2 with Vengeance and Virtue, a package of four brand new beautifully crafted pinball tables: GHOST RIDER: Outwit the insidious villains summoned by Lucifer, and ride through Hell with Johnny Blaze!","Feel the power of the Force in Star Wars Pinball! Interact with the most iconic characters, and relive the greatest moments of the Star Wars universe in: Star Wars: Episode V The Empire Strikes Back, Star Wars: The Clone Wars, and Boba Fett. May the Force Be With You!","It is the sworn duty of every knight to seek out evil, defeat it, and take its stuff. One such knight is Max, whose enthusiasm for combat is surpassed only by his love of rare and valuable loot. Join Max as he battles hordes of evil (or just evil-looking) monsters, rescues a wealthy princess, and accumulates the loot and xp that make...","[p]As a paranormal detective, your job is to investigate mysterious and supernatural phenomena. You'll have your hands full with hauntings, weird creatures, and inexplicable lapses in the laws of nature! Even the silver ball is not immune to the erratic forces at work within this table.","[p]The shadow of the mighty Galactus approaches Earth! His herald, the Silver Surfer, has discovered our lush planet and called the ruler of the Power Cosmic, who is already on his way. A menace to the entire galaxy, Galactus wants to consume the Earth by converting it into pure energy.","The controversy over the Superhuman Registration Act has led to the unfathomable Super Hero Civil War. Choose between Iron Man, who leads the SRA's supporters, and Captain America, who sees it as a threat to personal liberties, as you assemble your team and experience one of the most dramatic conflicts in the Marvel Universe.","Life has ceased. Man is but a myth. And now, even the machines have begun to fail. Lead Horatio Nullbuilt and his sarcastic sidekick Crispin on a journey through the crumbling world of Primordia, facing malfunctioning robots, ancient secrets, and an implacable, power-hungry foe.","Venice was at the peak of its power during the Renaissance and was viewed as a city of decadence, beauty and intrigue. Renowned as the linchpin of civilization and the cultural centre of Europe, Venice was the most important trading post between Western Europe and the eastern stretch of the Mediterranean Sea.","Hegemony Rome: The Rise of Caesar takes you to the plains and forests of ancient Gaul where Julius Caesar wages a decade long war to subjugate the barbarian hordes. Hegemony Rome will immerse you in the history like no other real time strategy game ever before, forcing you to pay close attention to the changing seasons and rapidly...","Quico’s best friend, Monster, is a huge beast with razor-sharp teeth, but that doesn’t scare Quico away from playing with him. That said, Monster does have a very dangerous problem: an addiction to poisonous frogs.","Composed by Venezuelan-raised Brian D’Oliveira of La Hacienda Creative, this highly-anticipated soundtrack comes from live recorded artfully mixed pieces of dynamically layered melodies and rhythms triggered by players’ movements within the game.","** Please note: a remastered and improved edition of this game is now available in Zombie Army Trilogy.**Featuring a co-op campaign for 1 to 4 players, Nazi Zombie Army is a horrifying new stand-alone expansion of the award-winning Sniper Elite series.","The Battle Hardened Pack extends the Assassin’s Creed® III multiplayer experience with three new playable characters and maps, plus awesome bonus items! Become the influential Governor, the resilient Highlander, or the fearsome Coyote Man.","In the first episode of The Tyranny of King Washington, the American Revolution is over but the true battle is just beginning. In The Infamy, George Washington, blinded by a thirst for unlimited power, has declared himself king.","The Betrayal is the 2nd episode in the Tyranny of King Washington, in which Washington goes mad with power and rules as tyrannical King. Connor awakes having never become an Assassin and accepts a new mission to fight for freedom.","Ratonhnhaké:ton’s journey concludes in the third and final episode: The Redemption. Arriving in New York, Ratonhnhaké:ton will call upon all of the abilities tied to his native heritage in order to break into the monarch fortress and put an end to the tyranny of King Washington. Live history as it never happened and rise a new revolution!","Kinetic Void is a 3D space adventure with a focus on customization and enjoyable space simulation. The shipyard allows players to construct their ship piece by piece. Ships can be as simplistic as a cockpit, a hull, a engine and a gun, or as complex as a player wants.","Kingdom Wars is a free to play 3D MMORTS with real-time siege combat, without the pay to win element so common in the genre. Kingdom Wars offers beautiful 3D online world, where players construct strongholds, direct citizens, complete quests and eventually manage a global empire.","In 2097, life is discovered on Mars. When your mission of first contact becomes trapped by a cave-in, you must master the alien ecosystem to survive. Soon you stumble upon more than anyone expected, and with time running out, you will make a decision that determines the fate of a lost planet.","Combining action and strategy in a unique way, Sang-Froid: Tales of Werewolves transports you into an epic folktale co-written with best-selling Canadian author Bryan Perro (Amos Daragon, Wariwulf), in which two feuding brothers will have to put aside their differences to save their sister, who is pursued by the Devil himself!",You can be a game developer! Construct 2 redefines game making and allows everyone to make their own games - no programming required. Construct 2's intuitive editor makes it straightforward to bring your ideas to life. Share and publish your games on the web and a wide range of devices. Join the Game Making Revolution!,"DisplayFusion will make your multi-monitor life much easier! With powerful features like Multi-Monitor Taskbars, TitleBar Buttons and fully customizable HotKeys, DisplayFusion will make managing your multiple monitors easy.","Travel across Europe as king of the road, a trucker who delivers important cargo across impressive distances! With dozens of cities to explore from the UK, Belgium, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, and many more, your endurance, skill and speed will all be pushed to their limits.","Going East! add-on expands the original Euro Truck Simulator 2 map with new destinations for cargo delivery across Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Hungary.Key Features:Over 20 hours of driving to explore all the new areas in the game world13 new cities including Warsaw, Krakow, Ostrava, Budapest, Kosice and more Many kilometers of...","Haven't heard of Dragon's Lair?! Well, you play the heroic Dirk the Daring, a valiant knight on a quest to rescue the fair princess from the clutches of an evil dragon! Originally released in the summer of 1983, Dragon's Lair has solidified itself as a cultural icon in gaming.","10,000,000 is an award winning hybrid RPG/Action/Puzzle game. Matching tiles controls your character enabling you to explore, fight and loot.When you are not facing monsters you will be back in your prison, constructing buildings and getting stronger for your next run.Can you score 10000000 and earn your freedom?","Mickey Mouse returns to star in Castle of Illusion, a fantastical reimagining of the Sega Genesis classic.","Firefall is a Free-to-Play sci-fi MMO Shooter set in a dynamic, living, open world. Experience fast-paced shooting action with thousands of players from around the world and fight against the Chosen to reclaim Earth.","“he Who Fears Being Conquered Is Sure Of Defeat.”The war-game March of the Eagles focuses on the dramatic conflicts of Europe during 1805 to 1820. Explore one of the defining periods in European history with this experience crafted by the masters of Grand Strategy, Paradox Development Studio.","Serious Sam is a high-adrenaline arcade-action shooter heavily focused on frantic arcade-style action. In a world where cyberpunk meets fantasy-fiction and advanced technology is mixed with black magic and psycho-powers, Sam travels through four beautiful worlds, confronting countless of Mental's minions on his way to Mental's base.","Retrovirus is a six degrees of freedom shooter which sends players into the depths of a computer on a search and destroy mission against an invasive virus. Retrovirus is being created by Cadenza Interactive, the indie studio behind the popular tower defense game Sol Survivor.","Castle Story is a creative voxel-based strategy game in which you can build castles one brick at a time using an army of little creatures called Bricktrons. Design and build your own castles, expand your territory in a vast landscape and defend your Bricktrons against onslaughts of hostile creatures.",It’s a hit! The all-time favorite naval battle game is reloaded for PC and Mac! Launch strikes with mouse-driven precision as you destroy enemies in Classic mode or Salvo mode. Witness 3-D guns blazing and smoke-billowing carriers sinking to their doom.,Draft! Attack! Fortify! Play the original game of strategy and world domination — now for your PC. Enjoy the classic look and fun of RISK in an exciting new interactive experience. Play two ways as you strategize over the map and set out to conquer the world.,"Heroes &amp;amp; Generals is a free-to-play MMOFPS where Germany, United States and Soviet Union fight for victory in one grand online war. You fight and make friends as a team, and no matter if you play as Infantry, Tank crew, Fighter pilot, Paratrooper, Recon, or General you make a difference in the war.","With Action! you can record and LIVE stream your gameplay, Windows desktop, web videos, music, benchmark and display games fps, add webcams, live audio commentary and more!",The Fallen Enchantress seeks to destroy the civilizations that have risen from the ashes of the Cataclysm.,"Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition™ includes the entire Baldur's Gate adventure, the Tales of the Sword Coast expansion pack, and never-before-seen content including a new adventure and three new party members: the Calishite monk Rasaad yn Bashir, Neera the wild mage, and Dorn Il-Khan, the evil blackguard.","A modern take on the 16-bit era, A Valley Without Wind 2 blends a variety of mechanics across multiple genres, seamlessly bringing together the best qualities of old-school platform-shooters and turn-based strategy games.","Originally released by LucasArts in 1995, Full Throttle is a classic graphic adventure game from industry legend Tim Schafer, telling the story of Ben Throttle; butt-kicking leader of biker gang the Polecats, who gets caught up in a tale of Motorcycles, Mayhem and Murder.","Wreckfest is a new demolition derby themed racing game with soft-body damage modeling, sophisticated driving dynamics and in-depth vehicle upgrading, featuring both demolition derbies and more traditional track races. It’s all about fun, breakneck racing and over-the-top crashes.",Never before has combat been so fast in-your-face.,"Cubemen 2 is a fast paced, action packed, original 3D Strategy game where you use your little Cubemen units to defend and attack enemies in a range of awesome game modes including CTF, Skirmish, Territory and more.",Purchase the soundtrack for Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion containing over 2 hours of high-fidelity music across 55 individual tracks! This soundtrack DLC contains both FLAC and MP3 formats converted from the original production .wav files.,"The war between the loyalists and the rebels within the TEC, Advent and Vasari continues within the depths of Trader Space. Yet, this sector of the galaxy has far more worlds and far more history than any of the factions are aware. Survival forces each to expand into the unknown, discovering worlds of hazard, wealth, risk, and mystery.","TrackMania² Canyon will let you experience the fun and adrenaline of racing stunning cars on sensational tracks in a major enhanced sequel to Nadeo Studio’s online racing phenomenon TrackMania, already enjoyed by millions of players.","Joystiq says &amp;quot;...we found Skulls of the Shogun to be an absolutely enjoyable experience – so much so that we gave it a perfect score.&amp;quot; It's fast-paced turn-based strategy inspired by Advance Wars, and supercharged with fighting-game flare!","The Painkiller Hell &amp;amp; Damnation “Medieval Horror” Multiplayer pack, or simply PKHDMHMPP for those who are into abbreviations! Below is the full list of what is included in the &amp;quot;Medieval Horror&amp;quot; DLC for Painkiller Hell &amp;amp; Damnation:Expansion of Survival Mode: Players can now progress through maps in a similar manner to...","When the clock strikes midnight, it’s meat night in Daniel’s hemisphere. Although the edibility of demon flesh still has to be explored for the bigger part of mankind, Daniel knows that one already. Join Daniel in his newest adventure of carnival carnage…Key Features:Dual weapons power-up: that’s right, Daniel had steroids for breakfast...","Daniel is pulled into a world more despicable than you can imagine. The evil demonic forces throw him into a chaotic and insane military world. American, Russian, German military forces of different eras all blend together to form one gigantic army-themed nightmare…Key Features New map: The Bunker (a dark air raid shelter complex in the...","This is a very multiplayer-centered DLC, featuring some of the classic multiplayer maps and introducing a new single player Survival modeKey Features: Three classic multiplayer maps now shine in their HD glory including new gameplay options: Meatless, Blink, Mines suited for different modes (Survival, Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, Capture ",Heaven’s Above takes the player out of the first-person perspective and presents itself as a top-down shooter. Heaven’s Above lets you play 5 maps from the campaign in single player or co-op mode including one of the monumental boss fights.,"This is a singleplayer/coop centered DLC, introducing new maps, a new boss fight, a new weapon, and a much deeper storyline (deeper in terms of wading through demon blood):Key Features3 singleplayer/coop maps themed around picturesque ocean view settings: Monastery, Docks and RuinsNew Ruins level with epic sea-monster boss fightRedesigned","In the latest DLC for Painkiller Hell &amp;amp; Damnation, players will be able to riot in a fresh urban environment. Be the Tarzan of doom in the concrete jungle surroundings.“We built this city, we built this city on death and souls” (Daniel Garner, demon slayer and “Starship”-fan, 2013).",Dungeons &amp;amp; Dragons: Chronicles of Mystara brings reworkings of two of Capcom’s classic arcade hits - Dungeons &amp;amp; Dragons: Tower of Doom and Dungeons &amp;amp; Dragons: Shadow over Mystara – together in one definitive digital package.,"Dungeon Hearts fuses the strategy and pattern matching of puzzle games with the kinetic pace of action games. Align magical runes as they flow along the Fatestream to attack, defend, and conjure magic in frenetic battles against a bestiary of fantastic creatures out to use those same runes against you.",Mankind is about to reach its next step of evolution. Uncover the dark secret behind mankind's fastest technological evolution in recent history. It's not going in the right direction.,"Dream is an exploration game that takes place within the subconscious mind of Howard Phillips, a young man whose waking hours are tedious and dull, but whose dreams are lucid and powerful.","Bientôt l’été is a videogame for two players. Two players who pretend to be lovers. They pretend to be lovers separated from each other by lightyears of deep space. They have lonely walks along the shore of a simulated ocean, thinking wistful thoughts of each other. Thoughts from ancient Earth literature by Marguerite Duras.","Sonic &amp; All-Stars Racing Transformed Metal Sonic &amp; Outrun DLC Download the Metal Sonic &amp; Outrun DLC for Sonic &amp; All-Stars Racing Transformed. Featuring: Metal Sonic in his unique transforming vehicle + handling mods Outrun Bay track, based on the iconic arcade game, + time trials Exclusive emoticon stickers for your in game license.","What Does the Future Hold?Something straight out of science fiction, an apocalyptic world filled with violence, grunge and crime, or just a sleeker version of our modern life? With our new futuristic tiles, you can unleash your imagination and create them all!","We are once again very proud to present the followup to the highly-successful High Fantasy Resource Bundle: The High Fantasy Resource Bundle II! We have learned a lot from the first Bundle, and have developed new techniques to create even higher-quality sprites and resources for your Fantasy RPG needs!","Dreaming of building a sprawling modern city? How about a modern apartment for your hero? With Modern Day Tiles Resource Pack, all this is possible - and more! Add a bit of modern flair to your games with everyday objects and technology. Create urban zones and pleasant homes in a style that complements RPG Maker VX-Ace's default art.","RPG Maker Web introduces a new addition to the RPG Maker Series. Create a historical Japanese Adventure RPG! With a wild selection of new graphics focusing on Japanese castles, civil war and military units, to the supernatural, you'll be able to create a historical Japanese RPG!","Invoking the feel of SNES-era RPGs, RPG Maker DS was a big hit in Japan. Unfortunately, it hasn't made it over to North America (yet). What has made it over however is a boatload of resources and graphical goodies.We've taken the original resources and modified them (when necessary) to work perfectly with RPG Maker VX Ace.",The Cinematic Soundtrack pack by composer Joel Steudler features 40 tracks covering a wide range of situations and moods. Bring your game to the next level with evocative orchestral music and weave extra drama into the tapestry of your tales!This Pack Includes 40 instrumental music tracks. Looped and alternate mixes for many tracks.,"The Blackheart Power Music Pack features 18 instrumental tracks from Kain Vinosec that will give your game a unique touch of darkness. Feel the intensity, and let the shadows take over...This Music Pack Contains 18 instrumental tracks. Looped OGG Vorbis files for RPG Maker VX/Ace and WAVs for IG Maker.",Do you feel the need to make your game rock just a little bit harder? The Nothing Battles features fourteen instrumental hard rock tracks from Kain Vinosec that will give your game a unique touch of awesome.This Music Pack Contains 14 full-length hard rock instrumental tracks.,"A century after the tragic events of Might &amp;amp; Magic Heroes VI, that determined the heroic fate of a dynasty, Shades of Darkness recounts, in two original campaigns, pivotal moments in Ashan’s darker history that will define the future of a decadent underground people and decide the survival of the dying cult of the Spider Queen.","Select one of eleven unique playable gunslingers and seek revenge solo or with your friends in Online or Local Co-Op! Master the specialized controls of each character, collect gold from fallen foes to purchase upgrades, get totally drunk and unleash a tornado of lead across the dusty plains.","ShootMania the FPS “Powered By Players”ShootMania Storm is revolutionizing the multiplayer FPS by adding a community dimension and unlimited replayability. Developed by the Nadeo studio, renowned for community racing game, TrackMania, ShootMania Storm boasts quick-fire matches and epic battles, where only your talent will distinguish you...","Can you put the world’s most determined stuntman back into the limelight? Combo, boost and pull ludicrous stunts as Joe attempts to race his way back into the record books in over 100 eye-popping levels. Leap school buses full of screaming kids and pools of ravenous sharks! Dodge spikes and mousetraps!",Download the official Resident Evil 6 PC Benchmark and see if your system is ready for Capcom's latest installment of the Resident Evil franchise!,"Conquer the Galaxy In This ‘4x’ Strategy Game. Lead one of 18 different alien races to become a mighty pan-galactic empire. Manage your colonies, deploy your fleets and conduct research. Plot your strategy and turn your planets into mighty bastions.","What happens when DLC practices go too far? An indie developer makes a game that mocks the industry and its foibles, that's what! Defeat the bad guy, save the world and get the girl! But first you'll need to find coins to buy DLC to enable animation, sound and even pausing.","The Age of Decadence is a turn-based, hardcore role-playing game set in a low magic, post-apocalyptic fantasy world. The game features a detailed skill-based character system, multiple skill-based ways to handle quests, choices &amp;amp; consequences, and extensive dialogue trees.","Incredipede is a puzzle game that celebrates the vast diversity of life in the world. The game follows Quozzle, a lone Incredipede on a quest to rescue her sisters. She has a unique ability to grow new arms and legs wherever she needs them, transforming into a snake, a spider, a horse, a monkey - anything you can imagine.",Tired of invading dungeons? It's time you built your own! War for the Overworld is a Dungeon Management Game that employs your favourite aspects of the RTS and God Game genres. Carve out your Dungeon and conquer the Overworld!,"Gather your party and get ready for a new, back-to-the-roots RPG adventure! Discuss your decisions with companions; fight foes in turn-based combat; explore an open world and interact with everything and everyone you see. Join up with a friend to play online in co-op and make your own adventures with the powerful RPG toolkit.","N++ is a fast-paced, momentum-based platformer about darting around obstacles, narrowly evading enemies and collecting gold in a beautiful minimalist landscape.","Create &amp;amp; destroy on an unimaginable scale... with a space simulator that merges real-time gravity, climate, collision, and material interactions to reveal the beauty of our universe and the fragility of our planet. Now includes VR support for Vive and Oculus Rift+Touch.","Hints of Little Red Riding Hood combine with Japanese folklore and illustrated in Spicy Horse's unique dark fantasy style, &amp;quot;Akaneiro: Demon Hunters&amp;quot; is an action-roleplaying game (ARPG) that lets players hunt mythical monsters in Edo-era Japan.","Lords of Football is a whole new sports lifestyle simulator, played in God Mode.The everyday routine of football is brought to life, simulating footballers' training to improve their skills and all the drama and real-life distractions that unfold during a normal season.",Now you can play in one of the three following Eastern European countries: Poland – Play the Polish National League and the Polish National Cup competitions. Russia – Play the Russian National League and the Russian National Cup competitions. Ukraine – Play the Ukrainian National League and the Ukrainian National Cup competitions.,Now you can train your players harder than before!KEY FEATURES: New Exercises – Train your players with 16 new super training exercises. Train Harder – Super Trainings have a higher level of intensity than those in the original Lords of Football. Medieval – Train your players with medieval themed training equipment.,Now you can play the USA league.KEY FEATURES: USA – Play the USA National League (includes playoff). Taste of the USA – The USA comes with modified building backgrounds; reflecting their real world architectural style.,"LA-MULANA is an “Archaeological Ruin Exploration Action Game,” bringing the classic appeal of adventure with the punishing difficulty of retro-inspired gaming. Search inside ancient ruins, seeking out the “Secret Treasure of Life” – which sleeps in the sprawling ruins of “LA-MULANA” and is said to be the beginning of all civilization.","DIVO - This is an unusual, bright and dynamic arcade game, where you control a hamster in a cyber wheel! Our hero must, within a limited time, reach the finishing point of the level while simultaneously avoiding collisions with enemies and collecting all sorts of bonuses, to successfully complete each level!","Lose yourself in a tale of magic and wonder, where anything is possible and where nothing is quite as it seems: join young Jerry and follow a peculiar white rabbit to the wondrous realm of Mousewood, a land where critters can speak and where mystery abounds.","Cannon Brawl is action RTS and artillery hybrid. Pilot an airship, command powerful weapon emplacements and use the destructible terrain to out think and destroy your enemy! It's a new take on artillery strategy!",Coco has accidentally been sent back to the year 2015 by mad scientist monkey Yuri! 2015... when hoverboards had a weirdly nineteen-eighties-like design! Coco McFly must now find a way to go home in the future! Will she ever get back? This DLC contains a custom skin for Coco Nebulon in Awesomenauts.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Genji the Pollen Prophet in Awesomenauts. You need to have Genji the Pollen Prophet available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,"Raelynn has been recruited by a supersecret bionic spec ops team. The new and improved Bionic Raelynn has augmented her already impressive battlefield performance with bionics, cybernetics, a worn cloak and shiny lights. This DLC contains a custom skin for Raelynn in Awesomenauts.","Genji the Grey wizard is not some conjurer of cheap tricks. He's a trusty companion for any questing party in need of his wisdom or his crafty smoke rings! Are you in need of some some fireballs, wisdom and balrog smiting? Look no further than Genji the Grey! This DLC contains a custom skin for Genji the Pollen Prophet in Awesomenauts.","Summoned by a sorcerous ritual, Demon Skølldir has entered our realm! Chaos follows in his wake! Tremble mortals, and despair for Demon Skølldir's fiery fists of doom are upon you! This DLC contains a custom skin for Skølldir in Awesomenauts. You need to have Skølldir available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game.",Roam the Awesomenauts battlefield as Cluck Clunk! Omelettes never contained this much aluminium! This DLC contains a custom skin for Cluck in Awesomenauts. You need to have Cluck available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Leon Chameleon in Awesomenauts. You need to have Leon Chameleon available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Derpl Zork in Awesomenauts. You need to have Derpl Zork available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,"Being part of the Royal British Digital Society of Well-Mannered Gentlemen, Cynical Vinnie and Total Spike have donned their finest attire just to treat you to their deadly fish and chips. Huzzah!",0100100101110100001000000110100101110011001000000111010001101000011001010010 0000011001100111010101110100011101010111001001100101001011000010000001110100 0110100001100101001000000110010001101001011100110111010001100001011011100111 0100001000000110011001110101011101000111010101110010011001010010000100100000 01010100011010000110010100100000,This DLC contains a custom skin for Ayla in Awesomenauts. You need to have Ayla available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,"Look who's here children: it's Teddy Ayla! Yay! Teddy Bear, Teddy Bear, turn around! Teddy Bear, Teddy Bear, touch the ground! Teddy Bear, Teddy bear, polish your shoes! Teddy Bear, Teddy Bear, burn your enemies in a sea of fire! Teddy Bear, Teddy Bear, turn off the light! Teddy Bear, Teddy Bear, say goodnight!","Be warned, Succubus and Warlock! A new deliciously deadly duo enters the dungeon – one whose reflection you cannot see along with one you shouldn't ogle except in a mirror. The Vampire may seem like an easy target, but a word of advice: don’t snuggle with her undead poodle! And the Medusa has returned to Ardania with a vengeance.","Colors are for babies, babes and florists! Real demons go for the extremes!!! Let the darkness within “shine” through with Baal's demonic black exterior. Or make it lavishly clear how much you hate the sun by draping your imp in a pale white hue. Either way you can’t go wrong – black and white are always in style!","Starseed Pilgrim is a game about tending a symphonic garden, exploring space, and embracing fate. You are a gardener, tending to empty noise and empty space to fill them both with colour. You are a refugee, building your own world away from the spreading darkness.","Take a deep breath and prepare for a tranquil journey through the seasons with Storm, an atmospheric, ethereal experience where you use natural phenomena to guide a simple seed to fertile soil so it can take root and spring to life.","Awakened from his slumber, Beatbuddy journeys through lush hand-painted environments on a quest to save his companions and his own immortality. Beatbuddy interacts with the living breathing environment that pulses to the beat of an original soundtrack, aiding him as he unlocks new paths and solves puzzles.","Return to the beautiful and dangerous world of Midgard! Inspired by Norse mythology, the much-anticipated sequel to the groundbreaking Ragnarok Online has arrived! Immerse yourself in the new, but recognizable world of Ragnarok 2.","Build cities, shape a world.Cities XL Platinum lets you design, build and link up cities of all shapes and sizes around the Cities XL planet!Build more impressive cities than ever before! Cities XL Platinum offers a huge variety of over 1,000 buildings and constructions (including 50 brand new structures), that you can freely place on...","What if someone knew your mind better than you did? The Swapper is an award-winning, narrative driven puzzle game set in the furthest reaches of space.","Kentucky Route Zero is a magical realist adventure game about a secret highway in the caves beneath Kentucky, and the mysterious folks who travel it.",MirrorMoon EP is a game about mystery and exploration set in outer space. These space travels begin on a red planet and its unique moon and extend across galaxies. The single player part of MirrorMoon EP blends adventure and exploration with navigation-based puzzle solving.,"Deadfall Adventures is an action-driven first-person shooter, spiced up with elements from action-adventure games. Become an adventurer, hunt for treasures, explore unknown regions of the world and rescue the damsel in distress from the clutches of enemies, both earthly and not-so-earthly.",IGF FINALIST 2013 BAFTA WINNER 2012 TIGA AWARD FINALIST 2012 1. Build Hotel. 2. Make Music. 3. Stop Tadstock. An insane hybrid of a tower defense game and a procedural music toy with tons of bullets (and healthy number of Wu-Tang references and credit crunch satire). The hit game for iOS now available on Windows and Mac!,"Set out on a grand adventure in this turn-based, retro style, pixel-art RPG, inspired by the great titles of the 90's. Take on the roles of in-game players taking on the roles of their characters in a traditional pen and paper RPG session in the ultimate meta roleplaying experience.","The otherworldly soundtrack to the critically acclaimed Waking Mars: over two hours of original electronic music composed by Tiger Style's creative team of independent musicians, from record label owners, to touring bands, to performing DJs.","Leisure Suit Larry was first released by Sierra On-Line in 1987 and became an international phenomenon. The lovable loser Larry Laffer -- a 40-year-old virgin in pursuit of losing his vir….um, finding true love -- and risqué humor were unlike anything anyone had ever seen or played.","The original Euro Truck Simulator - the game which has become the classic of the genre and is still relevant today. The first truck simulation game in a European setting, with European long haul trucks! Drive freight from London to Rome to Berlin to Madrid to Prague - and many more cities - in realistic vehicles.","Eador is a universe made of countless shards of land drifting in the Great Nothing. Each of the shards is a little world unto itself, with geography and denizens of its own. The power over the shards is bitterly contested by Masters, the immortal beings mortals believe to be gods.","June 7th, 1995. 1:15 AM. You arrive home after a year abroad. You expect your family to greet you, but the house is empty. Something's not right. Where is everyone? And what's happened here? Unravel the mystery for yourself in Gone Home, a story exploration game from The Fullbright Company.","SolForge is a free-to-play digital collectible game in which players construct their own decks to challenge their friends or battle against the computer. The current open beta version includes deckbuilding, collection management, online play, AI opponents, tournaments, drafts, and more.","An Intense Cyberpunk Rpg On the Red Planet! Mars War Logs takes you to Mars, nearly a century after the cataclysm that threw the planet and its colonists into chaos. Water has become the most precious resource on the arid red planet, with a few companies fighting a perpetual war for its control.","A family friendly, hand-animated, puzzle-filled adventure game with an all-star cast, including Elijah Wood, Jack Black and Masasa Moyo. Funded by a record breaking crowdfunding campaign and designed by industry legend Tim Schafer, Broken Age is a timeless coming-of-age story.","If you’ve not had the chance to play our delightful, Zen-like re-genesis of the god game on Windows PC or Mac OS X, there’s never been a better time to do so! Now more than ever, as we’re currently making full use of our opt-in branch by running a rapid build release schedule during our PC-focused sprint.","Stronghold Crusader 2 is the long awaited sequel to the original castle sim. After 12 years Stronghold returns to the desert with a new 3D engine and powerful Havok Physics. Crusader 2 recaptures the original game’s addictive, fast-paced gameplay and authentic castle simulation.","TrackMania² Stadium is the return of the popular Stadium environment enjoyed by millions of players with TrackMania Nations Forever. Now part of the ManiaPlanet environment, Stadium allows for improved services around the game, better graphics and a powerful track editor.","Build A Bridge... and Get Over It!The Bridge Project is the successor to the original and award-winning Bridge Builder simulation, all amateur designers and structural engineers finally have a new challenge on their PC.","When this “wolf pack” strikes, you hear the thunder roll. The Thunder Wolves attack from the air. They are mercenaries, and the best helicopter pilots in the world. Every one of them is ready for action at all times—and ready to fight evil, wherever it lurks. The Thunder Wolves have already made it through countless battles.",Includes all 4 of the Unique songs created by the chiptune artist SMILETRON for Waves.Track Listing01 - SquareWave02 - SineWave03 - SawtoothWave04 - PulseWaveIncludes 2 Exclusive Free Bonus Tracks!05 - Disco Just Won't Cut It This Time06 - MicrocosmicAll songs are 320kbps mp3 files from the original source.,Defense Technica is the next evolution in hardcore tower defense strategy games. Protect the core from an onslaught of unrelenting biomechanical terrors with a powerful range of tower defense units – each with their own upgradable features and methods of attacks.,"The skies will be set aflame and the seas will overflow with wreckage in Vlambeer’s stylish arcade shooter LUFTRAUSERS! Select from over 125 combinations of weapons, bodies, and propulsion systems and take to the skies to battle enemy fighter planes, battleships, submarines, and rival aces for glory, honor, and high scores.","Jump into the frenzied action and the whacky humor of a pure 2.5D side-scroller! While they were going to their old high school for what was supposed to be the party of their life, four long-time friends end up in a ghost town full of monstrous creatures.","The Vietnam War, one of the most explosive and violent wars of all time. You are Joe Thompson, an intrepid and patriotic pilot fighting to uphold the values of his country. This war will be the ultimate test for Joe and will irrevocably change his relationship with his family.",Enter the lost world of Kairo. Explore vast abandoned monuments. Bring strange and ancient machinery back to life. Slowly uncover the true purpose of Kairo and fulfil a great destiny.Kairo is an atmospheric 3D exploration and puzzle solving game.,"Colonize solar systems, smash entire worlds, and crush your foes in epic battles with multiple players and thousands of units. Don't just win, annihilate!","Far Cry® 3: Blood Dragon is THE Kick-Ass Cyber Shooter.Welcome to an 80’s vision of the future. The year is 2007 and you are Sargent Rex Colt, a Mark IV Cyber Commando. Your mission: get the girl, kill the baddies, and save the world.","Avadon 2: The Corruption is a huge, indie fantasy role-playing adventure, the second chapter in the epic Avadon trilogy. You will serve the keep of Avadon, working as a spy and warrior to fight the enemies of your homeland. As a servant of the Black Fortress, your word is law.","Sudeki, a world torn apart into light, shadow and dark. Rent asunder by deceit and betrayal, the land cries out for a peace that only four united heroes can bring. Beyond the protective walls of Illumina Castle lie miles of pastoral, rolling countryside, though once a serene landscape, the Aklorian forces have transformed the countryside...","'The Raven - Legacy of a Master Thief' is a thrilling crime adventure in three chapters from the creators of 'The Book of Unwritten Tales'. Full of twists and turns, it immerses you in both sides of the story, combining thrill-of-the-chase whodunit with the risk and reward of a heist story. Paris, 1960.","How did Crystal Dynamics reinvent Tomb Raider? The Final Hours of Tomb Raider is a digital book that takes you inside the studio during the four year development of this franchise reboot. Journalist Geoff Keighley chronicles the team’s journey, illustrating this 11,000 word story with never-before-seen art and videos from parts of the...",Build and Manage A Maximum Security Prison.,"Evoland is a journey through the history of action/adventure gaming, allowing you to unlock new technologies, gameplay systems and graphic upgrades as you progress through the game. Inspired by many cult series that have left their mark in the RPG video gaming culture, Evoland takes you from monochrome to full 3D graphics and from active...",An alien lost on a strange planet needs help returning home,"Wake is the story of an engineer trapped on a sinking ship. Navigate through the ship however you want to find your way to the surface above, but avoid the ship's corrupted security system!Key Features Run and swim to escape a sinking ship Dodge bullets, fire, electricity and LASERS - but most of all avoid drowning!","Also known as Out Of This World™, Another World is a pioneer action/platformer that released across more than a dozen platforms since its debut in 1991. Along the years, Another World™ has attained cult status among critics and sophisticated gamers alike.","This map pack adds new stamps to the game, adding more variety to the generated random maps. It also includes maps designed by Stardock. They introduce new challenges, dangerous threats and worlds to explore.Clash - Play against a single opponent on a balanced map, or discover a ship and explore the nearby islands.","Cults have arisen around the worship of strange gods. Will you embrace these new religions and build wonders to them in your cities, or purge them from your land? Will you hunt down rumors of dark clad warriors, when those that ignore their orders end up dead?",New treasure is available to be found in this third DLC for Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes. Explore abandoned graveyards and you may find a Cursed Bell which can be rung at desperate moments in battle. Treasure chests may contain a Staff of the Serpent or a piece of Blood God armor.,"Distance is an atmospheric racing platformer. Fusing futuristic arcade racing with parkour, survive a deadly, mysterious, neon-drenched city by jumping, rotating, and flying.","Black Ink is a new, non-realistic GPU based painting application that, instead of imitating traditional tools, brings new inspirations to every artist.Forget about pen and paper or watercolor and discover a new, generative and truly computer based way to create.","A deadly plague ravages your world. Your last hope: a legendary alien facility dug deep into the Feldspar Mountains...a massive Pit, built by the ancient Suul'ka.If 'The Pit' really exists, there might be something left. Something that will give your doctors a fighting chance at the cure.","Surgeon Simulator 2013 is a darkly humorous over-the-top operation sim game where players become Nigel Burke, a would-be surgeon taking life into his own shaky hands (one keyboard button for each finger), performing life-saving surgical maneuvers on a passive patient.","Organ Trail is a retro zombie survival game. Travel westward in a station wagon with 4 of your friends, scavenging for supplies and fending off the undead. Members of your party might die of dysentery or you might have to put them down yourself when they get bit.",A complete tools suite for the Real Virtuality game engine powering Arma 3.,"Worms™ Clan Wars is the biggest and best Worms™ game to date - more worms, larger landscapes, more dynamic water, more weapons and more customisation items than ever before.","A free-roaming squad based RPG. Focusing on open-ended sandbox gameplay features rather than a linear story. Be a trader, a thief, a rebel, a warlord, an adventurer, a farmer, a slave, or just food for the cannibals. Research new equipment and craft new gear.","Expand your Lost Planet 3 multiplayer experience with 2 extra maps. In Octagon, NEVEC and the Snow Pirates fight for control over an underground military base. NEVEC must stop the Snow Pirates from sabotaging the secret Akrid testing being done in the nesting rooms.","Expand your Lost Planet 3 multiplayer experience with 2 extra maps. In Synapse, NEVEC and Snow Pirates have travelled deep into the Nushi interior to come face to face with something never seen before. Fight the large Akrid to take the Thermal Energy canister back to your extraction point.","Expand your Lost Planet 3 multiplayer experience with 2 extra maps. In Convoy Chasm, NEVEC is escorting a battle cat through a mountain pass, carrying vital secrets. As the Snow Pirates learn about this, they ambush the Convoy in the pass. Prevent NEVEC from getting through the Chasm as the Snow Pirates.",The Starter pack includes 1 new roster row in the Proving Grounds as well as 4 veteran units with advanced classes:ProvokerWarhawkBowmasterBackbiter,The Pillage Pack is the ultimate Banner Saga: Factions bundle!Two roster rows will be unlocked in the Proving Grounds and you will receive 12 veteran units (one of each advanced class) with ALL their color variations unlocked:SkystrikerSiege...,The Variations Pack offers ALL the color variations for these 12 Advanced units:SkystrikerSiege ArcherBowmasterBackbiterThrasherRaidmasterWarhawkWarleaderWarmasterProvokerStrongarmShieldmaster,"The Eternal Renown Boost will award +3 Renown per battle, whether won or lost. Your deeds shall be heard far and wide.","Ok, cadet. This is it. All your training has brought you to this point - you are here for one reason only: to be the best.Strike Suit Infinity is a frantic high score chaser where your skill is the only thing that matters. Whatever combat experience you have had so far is considered irrelevant.","Receiver was created for the 7-day FPS challenge to explore gun handling mechanics, randomized levels, and unordered storytelling. Armed only with a handgun and an audio cassette player, you must uncover the secrets of the Mindkill in a building complex infested with automated turrets and hovering shock drones.","Download the Punisher Pack for Lost Planet 3, and dominate from afar with deadly long-range multiplayer weapons for your character, or pummel Akrid with powerful single player rig upgrades!","Download the Assault Pack for Lost Planet 3, and get up close and personal with devastating close-range multiplayer weapons and powerful single player rig upgrades!","Download the Freedom Fighter Pack for Lost Planet 3 and customise your multiplayer modes with 5 unique characters, including Hunk from Resident Evil, and awesome single player upgrades for your rig!","Zack Zero takes you on an action-packed platform adventure with incredible 3D graphics and the playability and entertainment of classic 2D games. Help Zack Zero save his beloved Marlene, kidnapped by the evil Zulrog in an effort to obtain the powerful substance that will allow him to travel back in time.",The Marvel Universe comes to life in the original match 3 RPG!,"The much anticipated sequel to the #1 casual game of 2005, LUXOR 2 HD has been re-imagined and sets the new standard for action-puzzlers with dazzling new HD graphics &amp; effects. Luxor 2 HD still offers the addictive and easy-to-learn, yet difficult to master game play which made the award-winning Luxor franchise such a smash hit, while...","An Environmental Puzzle Game About Family, Grit, and Survival.Grays roam the land, largely in the absence of human interference. These aren't your typical Zed -- theirs is a very different sort of apocalypse. Animals spontaneously transform into twisted, violent beings. The earth decays, collapsing into a network of abysses.","In a cold, dark future dominated by mega-corporations, a small lonely planet on the edge of habitable space is the site of a shadowy research facility specializing in necrotic tissue reactivation. You are a scientist who has suddenly awoken to the realization that you are the lone survivor.",Rush Bros. “Discover gameplay with custom music” Rush Bros is a music reactive Platform Racing Game that features a single player and a competitive multiplayer either split-screen local or online between two simultaneous racers.,Also contains all multi-player content from Red Orchestra 2: Heroes of Stalingrad,"This all-new time trial package pits the player against the clock in a bid to get the highest score and beat their friends. Combining precision, logic and quick reactions the player must speed through each of the ten levels using a variety of pick-ups to their advantage.",Project CARS is the ultimate driver journey!,"The unique cyberpunk-meets-fantasy world of Shadowrun has gained a huge cult following since its creation nearly 25 years ago. Now, creator Jordan Weisman returns to the world of Shadowrun, modernizing this classic game setting as a single player, turn-based tactical RPG.",Live the 4th Great Ninja War and its overpowering boss fights or defy your friends in ultra dynamic online and offline ninja confrontations!,Get a jump on the competition with this Booster Pack for Continent of the Ninth Seal!Booster Pack Includes 1 Temperian Uniform set Premium Service (7days) 1 Inventory Expansion Scroll 1 Town Travel Lv.,"The chips are down and the ante is up in this sentence already bursting with poker clichés! Take the fifth seat in Poker Night 2, at a table featuring Claptrap (Borderlands 2), Brock Samson (The Venture Bros.), Ash (Army of Darkness) and Sam (Sam and Max series).","The complete solution to manage and monitor devices and their drivers. Install, uninstall, backup, restore and download drivers with ease. The effortless health check, with an automatic driver updater to update outdated drivers and install missing drivers, can scan and fix detected issues quickly.","The Add-on &amp;quot;The Second Fleet&amp;quot; brings Iron Sky: Invasion's action to a whole new level! Become a true space commander, assuming control of not only your own ship, but an entire fleet of Earth’s forces!","New ships, weapons and a brand new alliance are the hallmarks of this Add-on to Iron Sky Invasion. The Reichsflughscheibe awaits, floating in the darkness of space…and you are at the helm.For the first time, Meteorblitzkrieg allows players to take control of the diabolical Moon Nazis. The mission?","In this unique Zelda-lite game, explore and fight your way through surreal and creepy, nature, urban and abstract themed areas in the human Young's subconscious, evoked by a 16-bit-era visual style and a moody, dream-like soundtrack.",Dyscourse is an interactive choice-based narrative adventure game where you journey through a stylized world of choice and consequence. Choose wisely.,"Prepare to experience the original man-on-the-run thriller in a completely new way. This is a digital adaptation of John Buchan's incredible book (inspiration to Ian Fleming's James Bond!). Be transported back to 1914 London, where Richard Hannay finds himself framed for a murder he didn't commit.","As Sam McRae, last surviving member of the “Titan Hauler” crew, you must hack and blast your way through an onslaught of truly bad 'bots to find a way to prevent a potential planet-destroying catastrophe.",This collection includes five brand-new skins for the dinosaur classes: Leopard Spot Carnotaurus Ivy Striped Raptor Autumn Red Pteranodon Poison Dart Dilophosaurus Obsidian T-Rex,"Are you troubled by scratching noises in the middle of the night? Have you experienced woodworm in your basement or attic? Have you or any of your family ever seen a rat, roach or bat on your property? If the answer is yes then don’t wait another minute, pick up the phone and call the “professional”… Meet Angus, the DINOBUSTER!",Expand your prehistoric repertoire with five all new playable dinosaur skins in one handy bundle for Primal Carnage. Display your voracious skills proudly and let the whole world know what a prehistoric monster you truly are in the most glorious of style with: “Blood Horn” Carnotaurus “Snakeskin” Novaraptor “Shadows Peak” Pteranodon...,"Strider returns in a brand new adventure, complete with incredible side-scrolling action, and lightning fast combat all in a massive interconnected world! Download the full game February 19th and become the original assassin!","Stand out from the crowd in Worms Revolution with the Customisation Pack.Customisation Pack Includes Exclusive new theme - The Junkyard. 5 new lethal physics objects - Car Battery, Pliers, Toxic Canister, Hot Air Gun &amp;amp; Anti-Freeze. 7 new hats - Bandana, Gear Stick, Tyre, Afro, Flat Cap, Rapper Hat &amp;amp; Backwards Baseball Hat.","Super Sanctum TD is a retro-styled Tower Defense game that focuses on strategy, customization and replayability. Build advanced mazes and construct powerful towers to prevent alien hordes from reaching the Core!","An American geological expedition, under a UN mandate, assesses the natural resources in a distant part of Siberia, deep in the trackless steppes of Eastern Russia. But instead of oil, they discover a deposit of a hitherto unknown mineral.","Prime World offers exciting heroic battles, waged to prove the superiority of your clan. Collect unique talents and create an army of invincible heroes. Enter into mutual alliance with other clans, for profit and conquest. Raise your clan to the height of its power!","Fight off hordes of monstrous mutants created from a strange cataclysmic event in the new tower defense game, Prime World: Defenders. Join a group of exile treasure hunters who have ventured into the capital of an ancient empire, vast with mystery and danger.",Blitzkrieg 3 is an online WW2 RTS made for true admirers of strategic mastery! Challenge your tactical skills in three historical campaigns and defeat other players or powerful Neural Network AI in competitive matches.,"King’s Bounty: Legions is vibrant, well thought-out 3D online strategy game with turn-based combat in a vast and diverse game universe.Head into a world full of magic, wondrous creatures and wicked monsters. Become a knight, forge armor in the smithy and amass an invincible army! Upgrade your troops and learn new spells.",Sid Meier's Civilization® V: Brave New World is the second expansion pack for Civilization V - the critically acclaimed 2010 PC Game of the Year. This new expansion provides enhanced depth and replayability through the introduction of international trade and a focus on culture and diplomacy.,"The Scrambled Continents map pack includes real geographic locations with special scripts that produce randomized interiors each time a new game begins. While the familiar outline of the continent’s geography stays constant, the inner heart of the world changes each time you play for endless replayability on countless plausible worlds.","Is geography destiny? Why repeat history when you could forge a new geography each time you begin a game? The Scrambled Nations map pack includes maps for the geographic regions of Canada, Australia, Japan, Scandinavia, Great Britain, France, Turkey, Italy, Russia and China.","The United States has a military presence in two-thirds of countries around the world, and some of them have had enough. A group of terrorists calling themselves The Engineers initiate a terror ultimatum called the Blacklist - a deadly countdown of escalating attacks on U.S. interests.","Based on the phenomenally successful Small World fantasy board game with over 500,000 copies sold! Take control of insanely fun fantasy race &amp;amp; special power combos, such as Berserk Halflings, Triton Merchants, Alchemist Ratmen and Dragon-master Amazons, to grab all the land you can in a world that is just too small to share with your...","Eador: Genesis is an indie turn-based strategy game created by Alexey Bokulev. It has inspired the development of Eador: Masters of the Broken World.Take the role of a mighty Master and shape the destiny of Eador, on land and within the astral plane itself.","WINNER: IGF China award for BEST GAME!Cubetractor is a neo-retroesque action-strategy-puzzle hybrid where you defeat enemies through an unconventional cube-pulling, turret-buildling mechanic. The game carries elements of a reverse tower defence and a grounded bullet-hell dodger to deliver a unique gameplay experience presented in a...","Pervasive. Literary. Brutal. Experimental.MINERVA, by Adam Foster, takes you to a remote island under the control of Combine forces. Something is going on here. Your goal is to uncover what that is and destroy it. Oh, yes-- and try to survive.This is the newly released 2013 edition of the famous Half Life 2: Episode One mod.","Ride your music in more ways than ever before. Audiosurf 2 is the music game for your entire music collection, plus online music streaming and Song of the Day. Hundreds of mods/skins on Workshop. Free demo available.","Element4l is an immersive and experimental indie platform game, with a strong focus on flow and smooth gameplay, wrapped in an exceptional soundtrack by Mind Tree.","RPG MAKER lets you create an original role-playing game without any prior specialized knowledge or training. RPG MAKER XP is full of the functions you've been asking for, including game data encryption and a scripting feature that lets you change the very heart of the RPG MAKER engine.","X3: Reunion Bonus Package 3.1.07This complete package contains all existing bonus plugins.Up until now the principle source of minerals for factories has been the large mining complexes, with mobile mining left to a few dedicated souls.","This Bonus Package contains a selection of signed plugin scripts for X3: Terran Conflict, created by members of the Egosoft forum community and validated by Egosoft.","This Bonus Package contains a selection of signed plugin scripts for X3: Albion Prelude, created by members of the Egosoft forum community and validated by Egosoft.","Tetrobot is the world's most popular and reliable robot, but he's not perfect. That's why I, Maya, have built him a microscopic little brother, Psychobot.Help me guide Psy through Tetrobot's cogs and circuits: by swallowing blocks of matter and spitting them out, we can repair anything.",Bloxitivity is a puzzle/platformer with a powerful twist - you get to create the puzzles and then share them with friends and fans using the Steam Workshop or the XML files used by the game! What will you create?,"Immerse yourself in a gorgeous hand-painted world on a search for your true identity. As the mysterious warrior, Dust, your action-packed journey will take you from peaceful glades to snowy mountaintops and beyond.","Dungeon Defenders II is a cooperative Action Tower Defense game packed with roleplaying elements like loot, leveling, and pets.","Horizon is a turn-based space strategy game of galactic exploration and conquest in which you are in control of humanity’s destiny. You will explore deep space, find new frontiers and discover alien artifacts hidden on long-abandoned planets.","Captain your own space ship and roam the galaxy in 3D in this tactical space simulator with tons of RPG depth ! Space has never looked so inviting - but images can betray...It has been two years since the end of the second Gemini war, the situation in the wartorn system is further from resolution than ever.","Enjoy hours of bubble-popping madness with this absurdly fun and addictive color-matching puzzle game! Described as a 360-degree Bust-a-Move with a steampunk motif, Cranky Cat allows for hours of bubble-popping madness with numerous modes of gameplay. 250 unique levels of bubbly fun and frolic!","UPDATE 26 AVAILABLE - Interstellar Marines is an immersive tactical sci-fi First Person Simulator in the making, offering a unique blend of tactical gameplay, dynamic environments and non-scriptet AI. Play Singleplayer or Co-op/PvP on servers around the world.","War Thunder is a free-to-play, cross-platform MMO combat game for Windows, Linux, Mac and PlayStation®4 dedicated to military vehicles used in the World War II and the Korean War periods. Fight in major air, land, and sea battles, with international players in an ever developing environment.",It's time to gear up!Get ready for more ghost chain gobbling and frantic action in PAC-MAN® CE-DX+! The award-winning chomping game makes a shattering debut on Steam with even more content and a refined user-interface to compare high scores with your friends!,"PAC-MAN stars in a nostalgia-packed collection of the greatest PAC-MAN games of all time. PAC-MAN MUSEUM will include classic PAC-MAN titles as well as newer releases, allowing gamers to play through the evolution of PAC-MAN from his humble beginnings from 1980 through current hits like PAC-MAN Championship Edition and PAC-MAN Battle...","EXPLORE-EQUIP-ESCAPE!With its potent blend of twin-stick shooting, exploration and customization, HEXODIUS invites players to explore the vast complex, equip their drone with powerful items and upgrades, and ultimately escape the clutches of the deadly enemy droids in a blaze of laser fire!","TAKEDOWN is a thinking-person’s shooter; brutal, hardcore and deadly - like the real thing. Not for the faint hearted, Takedown requires you to bring your 'A' game - FPS fans looking for an ultra hardcore experience only need apply!","Download the Survival Pack for the ultimate collection of multiplayer characters and close- and long-range weapons, and awesome single player upgrades for your rig!","Join in the fun of Highborn Chapter 2! Make new friends and battle new enemies as you explore the mysteries of the Frobozz Inter-Dimensional Portal Controller. Help Archie and the gang chase down Floyd and stop his evil plans to activate the ""Master Monolith.","Blood Bowl 2 smashes Warhammer and American football together, in an explosive cocktail of turn-based strategy, humour and brutality, adapted from Games Workshop’s famous boardgame.","Anomaly 2 is a sequel to the critically acclaimed Anomaly Warzone Earth. Maintaining the core elements of the original, Anomaly 2 adds plenty of new features: unit morphing, over million tactical combinations, post-apo world and tower defense vs tower offense multiplayer mode.","Best In Farming!An idyllic farming environment surrounded by inviting &amp;amp; untilled mountain panoramas set in the beautiful landscapes of Tuscany, The Alps and USA await all fans of the Agricultural Simulator series.","The empire building game Europa Universalis IV gives you control of a nation to guide through the years in order to create a dominant global empire. Rule your nation through the centuries, with unparalleled freedom, depth and historical accuracy.","You've tested your PC's gaming performance with 3DMark so what's next? Benchmark total system performance with PCMark 8, the complete benchmark for Windows. PCMark 8 includes five performance benchmarks plus battery life tests for notebooks and laptops.",The last game in the Blackwell series.,"Jack Keane is back! And his newest adventure is even more fast-paced than ever before!Five years after his last adventure with Dr. T, the hapless but incorrigible hero, Jack Keane returns to experience the greatest adventure of his life alongside the beautiful Amanda.","The Britech Skin Pack adds a new skin for each of the four main characters, Skye, Sweet, Haigen and Simo. Note: Britech Skin Pack is not included in the Sanctum 2 Season Pass.","Play as the mysterious new character TSYGAN, a rogue insurgent that joins the Core Guardians in defending the only enclave of humanity left on the planet LOEK III. Road to Elysion features a new area to explore with four new maps, new unlockable towers, weapons and perks!","Explore the dark depths of the Slums of Brightholme! This expansion adds four new maps that will once again brutally challenge your maze building abilities! Play with the new unlockable towers such as the crazy random Makeshift tower, or saw your foes up into pieces with the very first melee weapon in Sanctum 2 – the Circle Saw!","Pursue the Titan through the outskirts of Elysion One! This expansion adds even more replayability through four completely new maps! Use two new towers, including the Mind-Control Spire that takes control of enemies and lets them fight for you!",Return to the Arc Islands for The Last Stand! Lume activity has increased exponentially and you and your fellow Core Guardians find yourselves more outnumbered than ever. Even out the odds by Utilizing the new Orbital Strike Relay tower and smash down a lazer from the sky into their FACE!,"Want even more Sanctum 2 content? The Sanctum 2 Season Pass unlocks 4 massive DLC-packs, each adding a new environment with a set of maps and accompanying weapons, towers and perks! Buy a season pack today and get all four downloadable content packs for the price of three -- a 25% savings.",A hard-hitting simultaneous-turn-based tactical game from the creators of Frozen Synapse. Defeat your opponent’s plans on a randomly-generated playfield in this brutal futuresport.,"The amazing PlayClaw video capture tool gives customers incredible power!PlayClaw has been designed to make full use of multi-core processors and hardware accelerated H.264 codecs, which ensures the outstanding quality of the output with a minimal impact on system performance.","Conquer the New world: In the 16th Century, Spanish explorers and soldiers reached the shores of America. The search for gold, fame, and adventure drove these travelers into a treacherous wilderness where they faced hunger, disease, and dangerous predators. In their wake, the Aztec Empires lay in ruins.","Battle Worlds: Kronos is a classic turn-based strategy game in the tradition of Battle Isle, Advance Wars and Panzer General. Have you ever wondered what games like that would look like today? Well, we did. As a result, we decided to develope Battle Worlds: Kronos.","A legend reborn as Realms of Arkania: Blade of Destiny returns!Developed by Austrian developer Crafty Studios, Realms of Arkania – Blade of Destiny is a faithful remake of the 1992 original, adored by a generation of Role Players and one of the most successful RPG’s of the 1990’s.","Penny Arcade’s “On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness 4” concludes the saga of Tycho Brahe, Scion of The Long Project, and his almost certainly human partner Jonathan Gabriel. The world has been destroyed, but existence extends beyond this mortal plane in the gruesome Underhell!","DuckTales: Remastered is a beautiful hand-crafted reimagining of one of the most cherished 8-bit titles of all time. Go back to one of the golden ages of gaming, now refined with a level of detail that will please the most hardened devoted Disney or retro Capcom fan alike.","&amp;quot;The most rewarding game of 2013!&amp;quot;Influenced by retro classics Mega Man and Castlevania, Angry Video Game Nerd Adventures features the AVGN and friends as they blast their way through 10 levels of fun, fast paced 2D action based on the AVGN's adventures in his online series.","Intake is the new retro-futuristic drugstep arcade shooter from Cipher Prime. In this polychromatic love child of Dr. Mario and Ikaruga, you battle a never-ending barrage of pills, pushing your skill and reflexes to the limit to avoid a lethal dosage.","Official soundtrack from Anomaly 2, a sequel to critically acclaimed Anomaly Warzone Earth strategy. Contains original music composed and arranged by Piotr Musiał.Track list:There might be a hopeMechanical threatWe will prevail!Everlasting winterStand and fightJust a trainingVirtual challengeBehind the AnomalyThis is Rio!","The Shadowrun Returns SoundtrackFrom the composers of the much-loved Shadowrun SEGA and SNES games, the Shadowrun Returns Soundtrack will pay homage to the classics but with a modern twist.Shadowrun Returns AnthologyExplore the world of Shadowrun Returns even more with an illustrated PDF of short stories written for the game and edited...","The highly anticipated follow-up to adventure classics The Longest Journey and Dreamfall. Dreamfall Chapters is a story-driven adventure about choice and consequence, set in parallel worlds: a cyberpunk vision of the future and a magical fantasy realm.","Planet Explorers is an open world sandbox adventure RPG game set on a distant planet. The game uses a new OpenCL calculated voxel system to allow players to change the terrain in any way, create new objects such as weapons, vehicles, objects, and do it anywhere.","At the dawn of time, a terrible war raged between the forces of good and evil, ending in the destruction of the world of Agarest. After their victory, the Gods of Light unified the decaying bodies of the Gods of Darkness and created a new world.","Discover the world of Transistor, a sci-fi-themed action RPG from the creators of Bastion.","The story is situated on Mars. It starts where UFO: Aftermath left off and runs simultaneously with UFO: Aftershock. While the Laputans on Earth are fighting Wargots and Starghosts and finding out what caused the destruction of their home planet, a small colony on Mars is trying to survive and flourish.","An award winning adventure crime thriller with a deeply plotted storyline which takes you to atmospheric settings all around the globe, including among other locations, South Africa, Finland and the USA.",Live through an epic role-playing Viking saga where your strategic choices directly affect your personal journey. Make allies as you travel with your caravan across this stunning yet harsh landscape. Carefully choose those who will help fight a new threat that jeopardizes an entire civilization.,"Strap on your combat sandals...Lo Wang is coming to the Land of the Rising Sun to turn out the lights. Experience total blood immersion. If you can't touch, kill or drive something...then blow it away! Whether you're wielding shurikens, an Uzi, or a freshly plundered Guardian head...you've got your work cut out for you.","Sniper Elite 3 is a tactical third-person shooter that combines stealth, gameplay choice and genre-defining ballistics with huge, open levels and the exotic terrain of World War 2 North Africa.","&amp;quot;Remember, it is my will that guided you here. It is my will that gave you your cybernetic implants, the only beauty in that meat you call a body. If you value that meat... you will do as I tell you.&amp;quot; The cult classic sci-fi horror FPS-RPG has returned.","Suit up as an operative of the Ark Corporation, sent to the farthest reaches of the universe in search of habitable planets to terraform. However, after the long space journey you awaken from cryosleep to find that your ship has gone way off course and is disabled near a strange new world.","Pinball Arcade by FarSight Studios features exact recreations of the all-time greatest pinball tables from Williams®, Bally®, Stern Pinball®, and Gottlieb® together in one game. Every flipper, bumper, sound effect, and display pixel has been painstakingly emulated in astonishing detail.","The Season One Pack includes all of tables released for the Pinball Arcade through Table Pack 10 for a greatly discounted price! This includes 21 of the greatest pinball tables of all-time! Theatre of Magic™, Black Hole™, Ripley's Believe It or Not!","The Season One Pro Pack includes all of tables and extra content released through Table Pack 10 for a greatly discounted price! This includes the pinball tables Theatre of Magic™, Black Hole™, Ripley's Believe It or Not!","The Season Two Pack includes all of tables released from Table Pack 11 through Table Pack 20 for a greatly discounted price! This includes 19 of the greatest pinball tables of all-time! Dr. Dude And His Excellent Ray™, Firepower™, Cactus Canyon™, Central Park™, White Water™, Space Shuttle™, Centaur™, Pin•Bot™, The Champion Pub™,...","The Season Two Pro Pack includes all of tables and extra content released from Table Pack 11 through Table Pack 20 for a greatly discounted price! This includes the pinball tables Dr. Dude And His Excellent Ray™, Firepower™, Cactus Canyon™, Central Park™, White Water™, Space Shuttle™, Centaur™, Pin•Bot™, The Champion Pub™, Whirlwind™,...","Legend of Dungeon is a randomly generated action RPG Beat'em'up with heavy Rogue-like elements, striking visuals, and dynamic music.","Hell is an experiment you can't survive in Outlast, a first-person survival horror game developed by veterans of some of the biggest game franchises in history. As investigative journalist Miles Upshur, explore Mount Massive Asylum and try to survive long enough to discover its terrible secret... if you dare.","The world’s most irreverent co-op action adventure returns! In the next chapter of Magicka, players ascend from the ruins of Aldrheim to experience a Midgård almost wiped free of Wizards after the Wizard Wars, with the few that do remain having either gone mad or extremely hostile toward all...","Contagion isn't your average Zombie Shooter but instead takes a more realistic and different approach to the popular genre with unique characters, environments, weapons, items, and a built in system that makes every round completely unpredictable with resources, objectives, and paths ever changing.","Maybe you made it to the bottom of The Pit, maybe you're still trying. But if you think you've seen it all, think again.The Pit: MindGames brings you new levels, new weapons, new items, and new enemies to encounter. But that's not all. The Pit has a terrifying and exciting new challenge for you; Psionic Powers.Focus Your Will... Or Die!","Welcome to BattleBlock Theater! You’ve got no where to go but up...on stage. Play single player or co-op to free your friends and save Hatty Hattington! Jump, solve and battle your way through a mysterious theater inhabited by highly technological felines.","The title says it all. Take one part falling block puzzle game, combine one part old-school platformer, add a couple thousand pixels, blend and serve. Why match colored blocks when you can just shoot the hell out of them? Your goal is to survive as long as you can. From celebrated indie developer Andrew Morrish and Adult Swim Games.","Return to the glory days of sidescrolling beat-em-ups, courtesy of developers Team2Bit and Adult Swim Games. The sinister Milkman holds the city of San Cruces in his nasty criminal grip, and it’s up to legendary black belt neurosurgeon Dr. Karate and the rest of the Fist Puncher team to deliver old-school justice to the lawless streets.","After a decade, a Might &amp;amp; Magic® RPG is back with both the unique core formula and a new set of improved and fine-tuned features. The best RPG of its class!In the wake of the spectacular events in Might &amp;amp; Magic® Heroes® VI, you will play in a party of four adventurers entangled in intrigue and political machinations unfolding in...",The Legend Of King Arthur Reborn!A vast army has gathered in front of the castle gates and is preparing to attack King Arthur! How has it come to this? Witness important events in the history of the legendary king and accompany him and his army on the path to an uncertain future.,"How do you balance -- and indeed encourage -- a war between factions without letting either side obliterate the other? How do you rule over gods, creatures, and men who refuse to obey you? How do you build a landscape of villages when bandits and mythology are conspiring to tear it down?","The Japanese enter the fray on Luminith: their faction has a very strong military and a very strange pantheon: their gods are much more aggressive than their Greek and Norse counterparts, and each has three god creatures rather than three god tokens.","Bionic Dues is a tactical, turn-based roguelite with mech customization. Out-think wide-ranging tactical situations featuring robots with bad GPS, terrible aim, insecurity, a lack of focus, a tendency to backstab, and dozens of other maladies to exploit.","What Ancients Begat is a complete (~15 hour) game of family generations surviving the rise of western civilization. Survival is the ultimate goal. The sub-goals, you choose, build their story.Experience an abstract telling of the lives of our earliest recorded ancestors.","The AI's gotten kind of upset. Somewhere along the way it decided you puny humans need more interesting ways to lose (or win, if you're one of those people, but who are we to judge). Vengeance of the Machine offers new tools to the player (like Core Turret Controllers) and a new frontal-confrontation victory condition (Showdown Devices),...","You are an Exile, struggling to survive on the dark continent of Wraeclast, as you fight to earn power that will allow you to exact your revenge against those who wronged you. Created by hardcore gamers, Path of Exile is an online Action RPG set in a dark fantasy world.","Relive the halcyon years of steam hauled freight services in the US with this stunningly modeled Trainz Simulator addon.This DLC pack includes the following: New York, Chicago &amp;amp; St. Louis / 'Nickel Plate Road' Class S-2 2-8-4 locomotive in early and late conditionPere Marquette Class N-1 2-8-4 locomotive in 'as preserved'...","Congratulations. The October labor lottery is complete. Your name was pulled. For immediate placement, report to the Ministry of Admission at Grestin Border Checkpoint. An apartment will be provided for you and your family in East Grestin. Expect a Class-8 dwelling.","A hack and slash action adventure, set in a fantasy pixel art environment. Play solo or co-op in this adventure from bottom to top of Castle Hammerwatch. Kill hordes of enemies with varied looks and features through four unique environments with traps, hidden secrets and puzzles.","Samurai Gunn is a lightning-fast Bushido brawler for two to four players. Each samurai is armed with a sword and gun, with only 3 bullets to a life. Discipline and quick reflexes are the key to deflecting bullets and sending your opponents’ heads rolling.","From the creators of Amnesia: The Dark Descent and Dear Esther comes a new first-person horrorgame that will drag you to the depths of greed, power and madness. It will bury its snout into your ribs and it will eat your heart.","Spelunky is a unique platformer with randomized levels that offer a challenging new experience each time you play. Journey deep underground and explore fantastic places filled with all manner of monsters, traps, and treasure. You'll have complete freedom while you navigate the fully-destructible environments and master their many secrets.","Elemento School Graduation Pack Your Graduation day has finally arrived, and now you are setting off into the world to battle for Justice and earn a name for yourself in Midgard. Start off your journey with this starter pack of items giving you a month of Buffs to start your legend off in Style! 2900+ Points worth of Items!",Trendsetter Fashionista's Pack The truly gifted fashionista strives to look their best always! This special set contains a package of random boxes containing such classy outfits as the Tuxedo and Wedding Dress and many others!,"In War for the Overworld, each and every Underlord is their own unique being. A dungeon is a direct reflection of an Underlord’s presence and individuality. The Underlord Edition includes an extra Dungeon Theme, game soundtrack, lore book The Dungeoneer’s Guide to the Underworld (English only), and short story compilation All That Is...","Q.U.B.E: Director's Cut is the definitive version of the brain-twisting first-person puzzler. Using special high-tech gloves to manipulate cubes in the environment, the player solves an array of conundrums - from physics-based challenges; to 3D jigsaws; to platform-based trials.","Welcome to Age of Empires II HD: The Forgotten; the first new official expansion for the Age of Empires II universe in over ten years. Challenge friends with five additional civilizations and technologies, battle through seven campaigns, vanquish opponents in new game modes on massive maps, or shoutcast a match and stream it all through...","Let's spend the next three real-time days together uncovering the mystery of what went horribly wrong on a derelict generation ship, with the help of a spunky/more-than-slightly-traumatized AI sidekick! A sequel to Analogue: A Hate Story that tells a whole new hate story of its own.","Pac is back in an all-new experience for a whole new generation of fans. Featuring an original storyline inspired by the show as well as all the charming characters from the highly anticipated PAC-MAN and the Ghostly Adventures animated series created and produced by Avi Arad, acclaimed director and founder of Marvel Studios.",Wryn is a girl with a big arsenal and big dreams -- she wants to be the ultimate videogame hero! Help her take down the Greatest Heroes of All Time in an action-packed bid to claim the title for herself and show the world what a true hero looks like!,In Game Dev Tycoon you replay the history of the gaming industry by starting your own video game development company in the 80s. Create best selling games. Research new technologies and invent new game types. Become the leader of the market and gain worldwide fans.,"Dead State is a narrative-driven survival RPG set at the dawn of the undead apocalypse. Drawing inspiration from classic RPGs like Fallout, X-Com, and Suikoden, Dead State combines strategic, turn-based combat with base building mechanics, character creation, and social management.","DCS: Black Shark 2 is a simulation of the Russian Ka-50 &amp;quot;Black Shark&amp;quot; attack helicopter. The &amp;quot;Black Shark&amp;quot; is a unique and deadly single-seat, Russian attack helicopter that has seen combat in the Northern Caucasus.","DCS: Combined Arms gives you control of ground forces during the battle. Use the Command Map to move ground forces, set artillery fire missions, and control the ground battle. Assume the role of a Joint Terminal Attack Controller (JTAC) in multiplayer and designate targets for player-controlled close air support aircraft, or directly...","PANZAR is a fantasy multiplayer third-person shooter. You get to choose from eight unique character classes, team-based PvP battles, exciting PvE adventures and regular tournaments with real prizes. Advanced RPG elements, the non-target combat system and the most modern graphics by CryEngine 3 will make your combat experience...",In Space Ace you play the heroic Ace who must stop the evil Commander Borf from taking over the Earth! Borf plans to reduce all of humankind to infants and take over the planet.,"Princess Daphne has been spirited away to a wrinkle in time by the Evil Wizard Mordroc who plans to force her into marriage. Only you, Dirk the Daring, can save her.","When you have a top-of-the-line hacking deck armed with a 56.6k modem and a staggering 256k RAM, it means just one thing: you answer only to the highest bidder.","She's returned and she's after you. Dive into a mystic and tragic adventure, prove yourself against the most dreadful and dangerous enemy. Survive and claim the greatest prize any captain would dream of.","The UH-1 Huey is one of the most iconic and recognizable helicopters in the world. Having served extensively as a transport and armed combat support helicopter in the Vietnam War, the Huey continues to perform a wide variety of military and civilian missions around the world today.","2013 Riders, teams and tracks; both simulation and accessible bike handling with scalable aids; photorealistic graphics with TV style interface; ingame voice over by official MotoGP™ commentators; first person elements such as the helmet view and 3D pits to put you in the rider’s shoes.",The Red Bull Rookies Cup will add this exciting competition to the game.Since its inception in 2007 it has grown into one of the most thrilling 2 wheel spectacles in the world. Teenagers from around the world know that the best way of getting a start in Grand Prix motorcycle racing is by entering the Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup.,"MotoGP™ Champions gives you the opportunity to race as, and against, legendary riders of the past, including Doohan, Schwantz, Rainey, Spencer, Gardner, Capirossi and many others. Ride their historical 2 stroke 500 CC bikes and experience all the excitement of being a Motogp™ legend.","Wanderlust Adventures is an online, free-roaming, open world, action adventure RPG. Join fellow heroes online, explore vast and deadly landscapes, and capture companions to aid you in your quest. Forge powerful items, salvage artifacts, and crush the souls of menacing foes!","Told as a “Wuxia” story, which literally means &amp;quot;martial hero&amp;quot;, Mirage captures the essence of a broad genre of Chinese fiction concerning the adventures of martial artists. Shrouded in secrecy, an organization of assassins wreak havoc on the local populace.",Music to kill by and the weapons to make it happen. The Guns and Tunes DLC for Teleglitch: Die More Edition will grant players access to eight new starter weapons and utilities . A soundtrack of original music created by the Teleglitch developers deliver five haunting tracks that convey the constant tension of T3P’s chilling game world...,"The world's speediest homage/roast to JRPGs! Can you save the world in 30 seconds? Get a quest, find those in need, fight through dungeons, earn cash, get cool loot and level up until YOU&amp;gt;EVIL. Don't have enough time? Pay the Goddess to reset the clock and try again! Over 100 mini-JRPGs for you to test your might with!","The team that created the original Incredible Machine® is bringing all of the Rube Goldberg craziness to the modern age. Solve puzzles involving ridiculous chain reactions full of hamster motors, trampolines, alligators, cats, and so much more.","Become the most celebrated detective of all time: Sherlock Holmes! Use your impressive talents as a detective to solve six thrilling and varied cases: murders, missing persons, spectacular thefts and numerous investigations that sometimes lead you into the realms of the fantastic.","Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior is a massive expansion pack for the best First-Person Slasher, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare. Featuring competitive online combat that seeks to capture the experience of truly being on a medieval battlefield.",Card City Nights 2 - It's Always Night In Space!,"Adventuress Ittle Dew and her sidekick Tippsie crash onto a strange island, filled with loot and mysterious inhabitants. It quickly dawns on the duo that this might become their biggest adventure yet.Ittle Dew boils down the classic adventure formula until there is only fun left.","On July 4, 1776, the Continental Congress of the 13 American Colonies declared independence from Great Britain. The American Revolutionary War, having started the year before, would last for another seven years, and see the birth of a new nation, the United States of America.","This pack adds new graphical national monuments to the already stunning Europa Universalis IV map.Hagia SophiaThe Hagia Sophia traces its origins to the year 4th century, with the current structure being constructed in the 6th century.","Europa Universalis IV: Conquest of Paradise is the first expansion for the critically praised empire building game Europa Universalis IV, focusing on exploration of the new world and the Native American nations.","Europa Universalis IV: Conquistadors Unit Pack contains a total of 16 new models for Spanish and Portugese armies fighting in the new world.With a more rugged appearance, Spanish and Portuguese armies operating in the New World will have their own unique look, enhancing your visual Europa Universalis IV experience.",Europa Universalis IV: Native Americans Unit Pack contains new unique unit models for eight Native American tribes.This DLC adds unique flavor to the North American continent and enhances the visual experience of Europa Universalis IV.,"Taking inspiration from the conquest and discovery of the New World, this Music Pack adds new music to enhance the Europa Universalis IV soundtrack. The new tracks, totalling about 10 minutes of new, masterfully composed music are created by the talented Andreas Waldetoft, famous for the music of previous Paradox games such as Crusader...",Europa Universalis IV: Songs of Yuletide DLCGod Jul and other Holiday Greetings from wintry Sweden! Paradox Development Studio wishes all of our fans a happy holiday with this gift of a Yuletide Carol for Crusader Kings II and Europa Universalis IV.,"Welcome to the world of CastleStorm, a super genre mashup of 2D physics destruction mashed with tower defense brawler! CastleStorm was born out of the fond childhood memory of building and destroying LEGO castles.","Endless Space Disharmony brings a whole new faction called the Harmony, enhanced invasion mechanics, fighters and bombers, fleet formations, targeting and a new AI changing the shape of battles.",The end is here. Life as you knew it has gone to hell after the mother of all zombie outbreaks. Now you and the few scattered survivors must band together to survive and rebuild in a 3rd-person action game set in a dynamic open world.,"The Crew is a revolutionary action-driving MMO, developed exclusively for next-gen consoles and high-end PCs that leverage new hardware capabilities to connect players online like never before. The Crew takes you and your friends on a wild ride across a massive, open-world recreation of the United States that is loaded with exciting...","Rogue Legacy is a genealogical rogue-&amp;quot;LITE&amp;quot; where anyone can be a hero.Each time you die, your child will succeed you. Every child is unique. One child might be colorblind, another might have vertigo-- they could even be a dwarf.That's OK, because no one is perfect, and you don't have to be perfect to win this game.","Ohm Studio is the first real-time, pro-grade collaborative digital audio workstation. Record seamlessly with distant friends and meet other Steam musicians. Learn from them, teach to them, get inspired with them...","Running Actual Multiple Monitors, you will be able to emulate Windows® Taskbar on secondary monitors, create Desktop Profiles, and more!","Block and Load! Combining the addictive nature of block building sandbox games with the speed and competition of modern first-person shooters, Guncraft takes voxel-based gaming to a whole new level. Players can create maps and arenas based on anything imaginable and, once complete, can utterly destroy them with bullets, bombs, grenades,...","Z3TA+2 is designed to suit any and all of your electronic productions. From pop to trap, energetic to atmospheric, you’ll have the sounds you need at your fingertips.","More chaos, more destruction, more Rufus. Not one, not two, but three Rufuses cause all kinds of crazy mayhem in the long-awaited adventure comedy Goodbye Deponia!","Fight through Mordor and uncover the truth of the spirit that compels you, discover the origins of the Rings of Power, build your legend and ultimately confront the evil of Sauron in this new chronicle of Middle-earth.",Ready for some more hardcore action in Hacker Evolution Duality? The Hardcore Package 1 DLC for Hacker Evolution Duality brings you 2 new levels designed for gamers who like a challenge that is harder than the original game.,"[p]Extend your copy of Hacker Evolution Duality with this music package containing 5 new tracks.Hard, fast and ruthless industrial music mixed with epic sounds are guaranteed to give the game a whole new dimension.[p]Feel the coldness of the game cut through you.",Sorcerer King is a new fantasy strategy game from the makers of Galactic Civilizations. RPG meets 4X strategy as you build your empire and take on the malevolent Sorcerer King.,"The year is 1715. Pirates rule the Caribbean and have established their own lawless Republic where corruption, greediness and cruelty are commonplace.Among these outlaws is a brash young captain named Edward Kenway.","Joe Danger, the world’s most determined stuntman, returns to embark on a death-defying thrill-ride across the set of the greatest blockbuster movie ever made. Across 100 crazy levels he’ll chase crooks by police bike, destroy laser-firing robots with a stolen jetpack, escape giant boulders in a minecart, time-travel to punch dinosaurs...","Joe Danger, the world’s most determined stuntman, has started filming the scariest horror movie ever made! This eldritch add-on for Joe Danger 2: The Movie features:15 horrifying new levels!Six terrifying new characters!Three blood-curdling new environments!","Vector Thrust is a fast-paced single and mulltiplayer combat flight game, using a unique cel shaded art style. The game features 260 fully playable aircraft (through various iterations of over 45 aircraft models).","Add the noble Robot Unicorn to your Fist Puncher roster and get ready to smash the faces of bad guys everywhere beneath your majestic hooves. Robot Unicorn comes with his own set of spectacular crime-busting attacks, including his signature rainbow dash and a swarm of deadly fairies. Dr. Karate approved!","The CastleStorm war continues with ‘From Outcast to Savior’, featuring a new 20 battle campaign, new hero, new Royal Guard-class troops, new weapons, and new achievements!","Check out the latest CastleStorm downloadable content 'The Warrior Queen', and play through a brand new Viking campaign with advanced troops and projectiles!","Prepare for the dark world of The Chaos Engine, a steampunk Victorian age in which one or two players must fight the hostile creations of the Chaos Engine across four dynamic landscapes and take part in the ultimate battle.Choose from six hard-nailed mercenaries each with their own unique weapons and skills.","Michel Ancel, the celebrated creator of Rayman®, Beyond Good &amp;amp; Evil®, and the Raving Rabbids®, returns to unleash his innovative creativity on this new entry into the Rayman® franchise.When Rayman, Globox, and the Teensies discover a mysterious tent filled with captivating paintings, they are suddenly transported to a series of...","&amp;quot;WE ARE THE VANGUARD OF HONOUR. THE CUTTING EDGE OF THE BLOOD ANGELS. WE BRING DEATH.&amp;quot;The legendary Space Hulk returns to Windows PC, Mac and Linux in this epic turn based strategy game. Set in the Warhammer 40,000 universe, an intriguing story of legendary battles and heroic actions unfolds.","Mankind's digital paradise has become a cyber-Hell! Armed with your grappling-hook arm, engage in arena-style combat in service to the Overlord - your A.I. God-King. This innovative multiplayer game built around a grappling/swinging movement mechanic will test your twitch-shooter skills like never before!",Launch your brain into the farthest reaches of the galaxy to take on a second wave of Invaders from Outer Space! Battle new alien life forms like Shape Shifters and Retro invaders. Utilize an amazing arsenal of parts and weapons as you solve new challenge levels and demolish extraterrestrials in your own devious experiments!,"Styx: Master of Shadows is an infiltration game with RPG elements taking place in a dark fantasy universe, where you sneak, steal and assassinate your way through as Styx, a Goblin two-centuries of age.","Nuclear Throne is a post-apocalyptic roguelike-like top-down shooter. Not 'the final hope of humanity' post-apocalyptic, but 'humanity is extinct and mutants and monsters now roam the world' post-apocalyptic. Fight your way through the wastelands with powerful weaponry, collecting radiation to mutate some new limbs and abilities.",GunZ 2: the Second Duel is a free-to-play 3D TPS and is the most fast-paced tough action shooter game.,"FBI agent Erica Reed has an uncanny talent: she can see the past and piece together how a crime unfolded. But not even this sixth sense could save her younger brother, Scott, from a brutal serial killer. Three years later, the investigation into Scott’s murder has gone cold -- but Erica’s work has only just begun.","New Free DLCSURVIVAL - CRAFTING - ADVENTUREExplore a vast hostile environment while crafting new tools to help you survive. Discover intriguing puzzles and the mystery behind the strange remains of artifacts left in the Amazon Jungle.Key Features : Start with nothing and craft, hunt, fish and fight to survive.","140 is a challenging minimalistic platformer with abstract colorful graphics. Rhythmic awareness is required to overcome obstacles controlled by an energetic, yet melancholic electronic soundtrack.","Use your real voice to cast spells in In Verbis Virtus, a fantasy adventure unlike any other. Step into the shoes of a wizard in search of an ancient power. Explore a lost temple, making your way through forgotten chambers brimming with unspeakable beauty and terror.","Verdun is the first multiplayer FPS set in a realistic World War One setting, the game which started the 1914-1918 WW1 Game series. The merciless trench warfare offers a unique battlefield experience, immersing you and your squad into intense battles of attack and defense.","Sir, You Are Being Hunted is a freedom sandbox stealth experience, where each playthrough is unique, thanks to our British Countryside Generator. Escape from these robot-infested islands with violence, trickery and stealth. This brutally funny game is available for Windows, OSX, and Linux.","In this city-building strategy game, you control a group of exiled travelers who decide to restart their lives in a new land. They have only the clothes on their backs and a cart filled with supplies from their homeland. The townspeople of Banished are your primary resource.","Join two kindred spirits, Fargus the Jester and Nikki the acrobat in a fantastic 3D world of magic and mystery as they bounce, tumble and jump through 18 massive and diverse levels in search of the Wishing Engine!Key Features:Fast-paced 3D platform action in a lush, texture-mapped environment.","Urban Chaos throws you into the heart of a modern urban jungle at the turn of the millenium. To succeed you'll need a lethal combination of stealth, physical agility and martial art skills as you interact with the city around you.","Betrayer is a first person action adventure game that takes you to the New World at the turn of the 17th century.The year is 1604. You sailed from England expecting to join a struggling colony on the coast of Virginia. Instead, you find only ghosts and mysteries. What catastrophe blighted the land and drained it of color and life?","Glare is an action platformer with beautifully realized 3D environments. Summoned from starlight to defeat the infectious creatures called the Ramora, you play as the Shiner, a being of pure light given shape by an ancient suit of armor.","An award-winning anti-platformer where destruction is the only way to move. Mold yourself into any form by destroying your cells, and traverse a devastated landscape filled with brain-twisting puzzles and bizarre mutations. Are you ready to break the mold?","Two stories, two main characters, one epic experience: in Memoria, players travel through different time periods, while following two distinct protagonists: Sadja, a southern princess who wants to be a war hero, and Geron, a bird catcher who wants to lift a curse from his girlfriend.",FRACT is a musical exploration game. You arrive in a forgotten place and explore the vast and unfamiliar landscape to discover the secrets of a world built on sound. You rebuild its machinery by solving puzzles and bring the world back to life by shaping sound and creating music in the game.,"Poöf has been tricked by accepting a golden laying kitten. But the precious kitty makes all the greedy monsters envious. Survive waves of monsters trying to steal your revenue!Poöf vs the cursed kitty is a mix between tower defense, and platforming action, a game focused on hardcore gameplay, tight controls and choices, inspired by games...","TrackMania² Valley is the third environment of TrackMania², the sequel to Nadeo Studio’s online racing phenomenon TrackMania, already enjoyed by millions of players. Valley is a new take on the classic arcade rally racing genre. Flirting between arcade and simulation, Valley marks a new checkpoint in the history of racing games.","The city is your playground! Nothing will stop you on your freestyle trials bike. Use the urban landscape to pull spectacular tricks - backflips, 360s, wallrides, ollies, and more. Customize your bike to boost your performance in Time Attack or Stunt mode. Choose between speed and style, developing your own unique riding style.","In today's hyper-connected world, Chicago operates under ctOS, the most advanced computer network in America.","In a cold, dark future dominated by mega-corporations, a small lonely planet on the edge of habitable space is the site of a shadowy research facility specializing in necrotic tissue reactivation. You are a scientist who has suddenly awoken to the realization that you are the lone survivor.","Tikiman the Forest Defender is in trouble. Hordes of monsters are sweeping through his realm, hoping to chow down on his offspring – and it’s up to you to defend them. By placing weapon towers at strategic points around the landscape, you can destroy the invaders and save the little ones.","Gas Guzzlers Extreme is a fast, furious, armed-to-the-teeth, trigger-happy shooter, shifted into top gear! Take a white knuckle ride in this crazily addictive combat racing game.",Learn more than the WASD keys! Mavis will teach you solid skills to improve your game! Now available Worldwide!,"You are a mercenary possessed by a flame demon in a desperate world ravaged by seven Ice Lords. In this RPG where every choice counts, you will have to choose between unleashing the powers of the beast within and rejecting its demonic influence.","You are the Dragon Commander. Your mission it is to reunite a broken empire and become the new emperor. Success depends entirely on your ability to efficiently rule your empire, build invincible armies and lead them to victory.","Take control of Invisible's agents in the field and infiltrate the world's most dangerous corporations. Stealth, precision, and teamwork are essential in high-stakes, high-profit missions, where every move may cost an agent their life.","Take On Mars places you right in the middle of mankind’s most exciting undertaking. Start out in the seat of a rover operator, finish as the first human to have ever set foot on the Red Planet.","Pilot legendary aircraft of the early years of aviation, French Spad 13, German Albatros D.Va and Russian built Nieuport 17, in the free-to-play Rise of Flight United! This WWI aviation sim that has something for every flight-sim fan, from single player skirmish and career to multiplayer dogfights, but one thing is for certain, the...","Rise of Flight - Ace Pack includes weapon (additional machine guns, rockets and other historical loadouts) and field (collimator sights, ammo counters, compasses, inclinometers and various other gauges) modifications for many planes available in other content packs.","Rise of Flight: Furious Wings content pack includes five planes and their field and weapon modifications: SPAD 7.C1 150HP, SPAD 7.C1 180HP, Albatros D.III, Halberstadt D.II and Nieuport 11.C1.","Rise of Flight: Birth of Warbirds content pack includes early war planes complete with their weapon and field modifications: Fokker E.III, Airco D.H.2, R.E.8 and Roland C.IIa.","Rise of Flight: Ultimately the Best Fighter content pack includes the best fighters of World War I: Airco D.H.4, Breguet 14.B2, Fokker D.VIIF and Fokker D.VIII.","Rise of Flight: Bloody April content pack includes the following planes complete with their weapon and field modifications: Albatros D.II (including its late version), Sopwith Pup, Nieuport 17.C1 GBR and Sopwith Triplane.","Rise of Flight: Legendary Bombers includes four famous bombers of World War I complete with their field and weapon modifications: Gotha G.V, Handley Page 0-400, DFW C.V and Brandenburg W12.","Rise of Flight: Battle of Saint-Mihiel content pack includes Nieuport 28 and Fokker D.VII planes required for St. Mihiel, Du Doch Nicht and Hat in the Ring historical campaigns and six others: Halberstadt CL.II 180HP (early), Halberstadt CL.II 200HP, Sopwith Dolphin, Pfalz D.IIIa, Bristol F2B F.II and Bristol F2B F.III.","Battle to Rule the Skies!The skies over Europe are a dangerous place, where ace pilots lead their squadrons to glorious victory or crushing defeat! Take control of dozens of the most famous fighter planes of WWI and head into the dogfight. Roll, slip, and loop to get the drop on enemy aces.",Battle to Rule the Pacific Skies!Take flight over the treacherous Pacific waters where ace pilots redefine historic World War II battles! Skillfully pilot the most iconic American and Japanese fighter planes of the Pacific War while representing the army or navy.,"Experience the epic space strategy games that redefined the RTS genre. Control your fleet and build an armada across more than 30 single-player missions. Choose unit types, fleet formations and flight tactics for each strategic situation.",Assetto Corsa v1.14 features a revamped and more realistic AI behaviour! Offline races will be more exciting than ever! Please check out the following changelog for all the improvement and fixes!,"Note! You can purchase only 1 Pack of the same value to 1 War Thunder account. Refund is not provided if you purchase 2 different packs, which include the same aircraft or you already have the aircraft from the pack!","Real-Time Strategy Game. Guide your nation through the most violent era in modern history. Play massive campaigns as one of the principal nations, set-piece scenarios of famous battles, or set your own victory condition and play as any nation in the world in Sandbox mode.",realMyst: Masterpiece Edition is a beautifully updated version of realMYST for today’s Mac and Windows computers - celebrating the 20th anniversary of Myst! The models and textures have been reconstructed to provide an amazing graphical experience.,Men of War: Assault Squad 2 features new single player style skirmish modes that take players from extreme tank combat to deadly sniper stealth missions. Commanders can now faceoff against opponents on various new multiplayer 1v1 – 8v8 maps.,"Epigenesis is an online multiplayer sports/FPS game in which two sides are locked in a never-ending fight for world domination by playing ball.In this non-lethal ballgame of the future, players leap across platforms suspended high up in the air trying to get a ball located in the middle of the arena and score goals against their...",NEOTOKYO° is a multiplayer first person shooter that provides a visceral &amp;amp; realistic combat experience in a rich futuristic setting.,"A moody tale that combines the intrigue and atmosphere of a Raymond Chandler novel or Humphrey Bogart film with classic point-and-click adventure gameplay, Face Noir follows private eye Jack Del Nero as he’s falsely accused of murdering the man who left a little girl in his protection.","Experience the wild as a mother badger sheltering her cubs from harm. On their journey they get stalked by a bird of prey, encounter perils of the night, river rapids crossings, big forest fires and the looming threat of death by starvation. Food is to be found, but is there enough for everyone?",Divekick is the world’s first two-button fighting game. It distills the essence of the fighting game genre into just two buttons with no d-pad directional movement. Includes two extra playable characters: Fencer from Nidhogg and Johnny Gat from Saints Row!,"Aztez is a highly stylized beat 'em up set in the world of the Aztec Empire. Take on the role of an elite close combat unit and undergo missions on behalf of the Empire in turn based strategy mode, and fight against warriors and mythological foes alike using 8 unique weapons in real time combat mode.","The ultimate space sandbox. Participate in epic fleet battles, form alliances, strive to dominate entire galaxies and harness the universe’s resources for your industrious empire or the destruction of others. Customise your experience, the universe is yours!",Play as the daemon-hunter Baron Dashforth in a side-scrolling co-op brawler set entirely on the grand spectacle of a theatre stage that rewards performance over pummeling. Perform shattering takedowns and reversals!,"Wing IDE is a development environment for the Python programming language. Its powerful editor and debugger speed up development of Python code for Maya, MotionBuilder, NUKE, Blender, Source Filmmaker, and other Python-based applications, game engines, and libraries.","Space Engineers is a sandbox game about engineering, construction, exploration and survival in space and on planets. Players build space ships, space stations, planetary outposts of various sizes and uses, pilot ships and travel through space to explore planets and gather resources to survive.","Electronic Super Joy is a brutally hard platformer set in a world of pulse-pounding electronic music. Run, jump, smash &amp;amp; fly your way through 45+ weird &amp;amp; different levels, with low-gravity, world rotation, giant monsters &amp;amp; swarming missiles.","Velocity®Ultra is an award-winning top down shooter that puts you in control of the galaxy’s only Quarp Jet, an advanced spacecraft with the ability to teleport at will. Tasked with rescuing survivors from a collapsed black hole, you’ll need to use both firepower and quick-wits to catapult the Quarp Jet through 50 levels of sci-fi action.","Explore an abandoned building, encountering puzzles and clues to discover what happened, as you try to escape in both your nightmares and the waking world. Be immersed in the hauntingly beautiful 3D atmosphere in this puzzle exploration mystery game.","SNOW is the only free-to-play, open world, winter sports game. Explore a massive mountain, customize your character with clothing and equipment from the biggest brands, and compete in events to be the best.",In Where is my Heart? you play the story of a family of forest spirits. The family lives comfortably in a tree in the woods until one day they lose their home and thus embark on a great adventure. Their journey will take them through the mushroom caves and even deeper down to the lifeless crystal pools and back up into the mountains.,Reinforcements for the Commonwealth!Explore new tactics with 3 brand new ships from the Commonwealth shipyards.Bluebell: The Bluebell is a great defensive option. Compared to the other ships in its class it is a little slow and lightly armored.,"Demons of the Past is the epic new chapter of SpellForce, the unique blend of RPG and RTS. Experience this worthy conclusion of all previous games in the SpellForce-series. Check out the new single player campaign with 25+ hours of gameplay, in which nearly all races are playable – Pact, Clan, Shaikan…The StoryZazhut is free, and his...","The Novelist asks one central question: can you achieve your dreams without pushing away the people you love? The game focuses on Dan Kaplan, a novelist struggling to write the most important book of his career while trying to be the best husband and father he can be.",Skullgirls is a fast-paced 2-D fighting game that puts players in control of fierce warriors in an extraordinary Dark Deco world. Featuring all-new game systems which test the skills of veteran fighting game fans while also making the genre enjoyable and accessible to newcomers.,"Adds five additional color palettes for every Skullgirls character, many designed from fan feedback!","Robo-Fortune has been activated! Robo-Fortune is Ms. Fortune's mechanical simulacrum, created by Lab 0 to destroy the Skullgirl. Strangely, this digital doppelganger has also inherited Ms. Fortune's penchant for terrible puns.","Adds the zombie opera singer, Squigly, to your fighting roster, as well as her all-new story mode!Key Features:Squigly has a unique and powerful play-style, featuring spacial-manipulation and stance-cancels!Powerful on point or as an assist!Delve into Squigly's tragic past in an all-new, art-filled story mode!","Big Band's in full swing! Once a cop known as Ben Birdland, he fell flat when he got on the wrong side of New Meridian's corrupt police force. Birdland was broken and bent out of shape by his former colleagues, but was tuned up by Dr. Avian and ASG Lab 8.","Eliza takes the stage! Eliza is a diva with a secret - a dark and ancient past. Host to the skeletal parasite, Sekhmet, Eliza manipulates her own blood to ruthlessly crush her foes.","Beowulf enters the ring! Loosely based on the epic poem of the same name, Beowulf is a wrestler returning after a long hiatus. Literally armed with Grendel's severed arm and his folding chair, The Hurting, Beowulf fights to restore his faded glory.","Engage Cap, Bucky and members of the Howling Commandos in an all-out assault on Baron Zemo's castle. Destroy the fearsome Sleeper robot, face the Red Skull in a series of battles, and recover the omnipotent Cosmic Cube from his grasp!","The mysteries of Mars, the red planet, have enthralled the human race for millennia. And today, you can be part of the first manned mission to uncover its secrets.",Earn your seat at the Round Table amongst the greatest knights in King Arthur's court! The Arthurian legend is reborn on a lively pinball table with several unique features. See the tales of the Knights of the Round Table unfold before you.,"These robots are not friendly and servile household helpers of the Atomic Age, but rather hostile alien machines trying to conquer the Earth! Stop them at all costs!","This free extension of Farming Simulator 2013 offers a selection of authentic vehicles and equipment letting you to reconnect with the early years of modern agriculture! You will be pleased to find classic vehicles such as Deutz D80, Güldner G40, Hatz H340, Hürlimann D110, Lindner BF 450 A, Schlüter Super 1500 TVL Special and many more!","Follow a gripping, surprise-filled journey as two dissimilar characters form an uneasy partnership in order to survive through a perilous, post-apocalyptic America. 150 years in the future, war and destruction have left the world in ruins with few humans remaining and nature having reclaimed the world.",Unleash the power of the brush in an all new co-op adventure. Join Mickey and Oswald in an epic battle to save the magical world of Wasteland and change it forever. Interact with your favorite characters like never before in the most heroic adventure yet.,"Etherium is a real-time strategy game set in a science-fiction universe, where three factions battle it out for a mysterious and rare resource known as ‘Etherium’.","The adventure plunges you into the tortured and hidden past of five humans. Delve into their darkest fears. Outwit the Master Computer AM in a game of psychological warfare. Disturbing, compelling. An adventure you won't easily forget !!","FULL-COLOR ANIMATED graphics DIGITIZED sound (NO add-on cards required)HARD DISK supported11 Races, 14 Professions (with rankings!)Weaponry, Physical and Academia SkillsSix Spellbooks, 462 CombinationsNon-Player CharactersAn arsenal of over 400 researched itemsVaried Fighting ModesPrimary and Secondary AttackContinuous JourneyUnlimited...",For the First TimeOutdoor CampaignsFull Soundtrack and EffectsTrue Point &amp;amp; Click Mouse InterfaceAuto-MappingUnprecedented Depth of StoryBegin your adventure in Crusaders of the Dark Savant. Import your characters from Bane of the Cosmic Forge or create a new party capable of surviving the rigors of a strange alien world.,"A New Wizardry for a New GenerationThe universe is in the throes of violent upheaval and change. Vast and mysterious forces are preparing for the final confrontation. A small group of heroes from distant lands must plunge into the heart of the maelstrom, to uncover long-forgotten secrets, and bring about a new era.","Have you ever wanted to be president? or prime-minister? Convinced you could do a better job of running the country? Let's face it, you could hardly do a worse job than our current political leaders.Crime, Unemployment, National Debt, Terrorism, Climate Change...","Trials Fusion is the gold-standard platform racer for the next-generation of gaming. Built upon the Trials franchise’s proven gameplay foundations, Fusion challenges players endlessly in both classic and all-new ways.",Free to Play is a feature-length documentary that follows three professional gamers from around the world as they compete for a million dollar prize in the first Dota 2 International Tournament.,"Note: This is the exact same simulation of the Su-25 as featured in DCS: Flaming Cliffs 3.The Su-25 'Grach' (Rook), NATO callsigned 'Frogfoot', is a dedicated strike attack aircraft designed for the close air support and anti-tank roles. The Su-25 has seen combat in several conflicts during its more than 25 years in service.","Return to the remote island nation of Tropico and expand your Dynasty’s reign from the early colonial period to beyond the 21st Century, facing new challenges including advanced trading mechanics, technology and scientific research, as well as cooperative and competitive MULTIPLAYER.","VOX POPULI, the first free DLC from Wargame AirLand Battle, has been developed specifically to respond to the demands of the community… and has just landed with a whole arsenal of new features!“CONQUEST” mode makes a great comeback in Multiplayer mode and against the AI, offering a range of new objectives to commanders all over the world.","20 years after the original game’s launch, Conrad is enlisted back to active service for the triumphant return of one of the most acclaimed franchises in gaming history.It’s not a reboot. It’s Flashback re-imagined.",Play as your favorite characters from both the 4th TRANSFORMERS movie and Cybertron universes!,"DCS: A-10C Warthog is a PC simulation of the U.S. premier Close Air Support attack aircraft. This is the second aircraft in the DCS series, following DCS: Black Shark, and raises the bar even higher in the DCS series.","Extend your gaming experience with the new official extension for Farming Simulator!This DLC contains new equipment of the Marshall brand!Once downloaded, the additional contents will be available in the shop of the game. Be sure to have sufficient funds to buy the machinery.","Extend your gaming experience with the new official extension for Farming Simulator!This DLC contains new equipment of the Väderstad brand!Once downloaded, the additional contents will be available in the shop of the game. Be sure to have sufficient funds to buy the machinery.","Discover the official expansion of Farming Simulator 2013® bringing a lot of novelties to extend and enrich your experience!An entirely new American backdrop has now been added to the extensive European environment, which will double the size of the gameplay area in Farming Simulator.","Hack ‘n’ Slash is a puzzle action game about hacking -- reprogram object properties, hijack global variables, hack creature behavior, and even rewrite the game’s code. The only way to win is not to play...by the rules!","In Spacebase DF-9, you'll build a home among the stars for a motley population of humans and aliens as they go about their daily lives. Mine asteroids, discover derelicts, and deal with the tribulations of galactic resettlement in Earth's distant future.","MASSIVE CHALICE is a tactical strategy game set on an epic timeline from Double Fine Productions. As the Immortal Ruler of the nation, you'll take command of its heroes, forge heroic marriages to strengthen your Bloodlines, and battle a mysterious enemy known as the Cadence in a 300 year war.",Go mountain climbing while watching out for ghost trains that suddenly close in! Blazing through this technical mountain-like route requires advanced control technique. But beware ghost trains that take a shortcut and suddenly close in on Pac-Man if you pull too far ahead.,"Greed can be fatal! Try this new concept with more than three times the usual number of sleeping ghosts appearing again and again. Power up frequently and gobble up those ghosts like crazy. Eat as many ghosts as you can, but never become too greedy and forget to secure an escape route while you're still powered up!",Two Course Special Deal! Highly popular Championship II and Highway maps redesigned from square one to ramp up the fun factor to the max! Using bombs strategically will be the key to success even in advanced-player strategies to establish top scores.,"Transform all your PAC-MAN courses into complete Dig Dug Adventures! Dig Dug tries it PAC-MAN style with the Pookas, but beware that infamous monster that will surely make an appearance as well... Dig it your way and enjoy the specially arranged version of the original Dig Dug music.","PAC-MAN gets an automotive makeover! Embark on a frantic PAC-MAN-style car chase in Rally-X universe. From the pesky ghosts to the juicy fruits, all your courses now turn Rally-X-style! Even the BGM is a specially arranged version of the original Rally-X music.",The characters from the computer-animated TV show &amp;quot;PAC-MAN and the Ghostly Adventures&amp;quot; have invaded PAC-MAN Championship Edition DX+ in a reckless celebration of the show's debut! Play using the characters and visuals from the show and transport all your courses into the world of &amp;quot;PAC-MAN and the Ghostly Adventures&amp;quot;!,"Time to update your PAC-MAN Championship Edition DX techno and trance music tracklist with drum 'n' bass music. The first half of the game has more organic sounding music centered on real instruments, while the second half is electronic music built around distorted synth tracks.","PAC-MAN Championship Edition DX main menu &amp;quot;ENTRANCE&amp;quot; is back in an extended version that can now be selected to play with. While the original version was more laid-back, in the long version, the tempo has been increased to match the game's frenetic pace.","Experience the horrors of a haunting that's never the same twice. Paranormal is a 3D fully dynamic haunting experience. The player takes the role of Mattel Clarke, an artist who has a haunted house. Mattel decides to film the hauntings with his camera, which is the viewpoint of the game.","Protocell is a celestial platformer that follows players on their quest across the universe to collect the compounds Hydrogen, Methane, Water, and Ammonia, to create life on Earth. The space travelers possess the power to rotate their environment at will, while simultaneously creating their own platforms to traverse the twisted,...","Perfection. is a simple, soothing puzzle game about cutting shapes to fit into outlines. There are an infinite number of puzzles, each randomly generated to be unique and interesting.Its gameplay is very minimalistic and very forgiving; there is no time limit, and you can cut as many times as you want and undo as many times as you want...","Get ready for an epic journey to defend your kingdom against hordes of orcs, trolls, evil wizards and other nasty fiends using a vast arsenal of towers and spells at your command!Fight on forests, mountains and wastelands, customizing your defensive strategy with different tower upgrades and specializations!",With this skin pack you will be able to change the appearance of Genestealers in both single player and multiplayer games. The skin pack includes 3 skins:The Hive Fleet Kraken SkinThe Black/Green SkinThe Bonedust...,"The Sword of Halcyon The Space Marine Vessel, The Sword of Halcyon, left the orbit of planet Falkhan and prepared for the journey back to its homeworld. Upon entering the warp The Sword of Halcyon jolted suddenly and came to a halt. Instantly the ship’s alarms rang and all aboard prepared for the worst.","Defilement of Honour Space Hulks do not usually move under their own power, the winds and tides of warpspace usually determine the course of these derelict clusters of ships. The Defilement of Honour was different, being equipped with a functioning engine room of sorts, as well as an ancient navigational device in control of its course.","Plague Inc: Evolved is a unique mix of high strategy and terrifyingly realistic simulation. Your pathogen has just infected 'Patient Zero' - now you must bring about the end of human history by evolving a deadly, global Plague whilst adapting against everything humanity can do to defend itself.","TorqueL is a 2D action game where the player must move and manipulate a cube to progress.To complete each stage, the player must make their way to the blue square.This version consists of the prototype released at the end of March as well as extra content developed for the E3 Indicade Showcase.",Ruthless bird versus bird action. Wild animals and the artefacts of a mysterious ancient culture. A game full of challenge and discovery – unlike anything you've played before.,"&amp;quot;Strike Vector is gorgeous shooter with strong mechanics and lots of customisation&amp;quot; 7.7/10 – IGN&amp;quot;it more than makes up for by being a gorgeous, intensely competitive experience that matches its aesthetic appeal with pure shooter satisfaction&amp;quot;– 7.","Neil Gaiman &amp;amp; Wayward Manor invite you to jump into the afterlife of a disgruntled ghost, trying to reclaim his house from its newfound owners.","MORE STORY THAN GORY! A HYBRID OF ALTERNATIVE HORROR AND CREEPYPASTA...Welcome to the Halloween Edition v1.03! Take a deep breath, dim the lights, put on your headphones...Non-linear first-person gameplay lets you explore Grimhaven Orphanage and discover the characters who once lived there – voiced by Dan Bull, Chuck Huber and Raychul...","Legends of Eisenwald is an adventure game with tactical battles, RPG and strategy elements. Take the lead of a small feudal army and try to defend your right to survive in this ruthless medieval world.","Welcome to Accapella! When Joey and Gina arrive in the musically starved town that outlawed groovy tunes, a chance encounter with the music hating tyrannical ruler of the town (and local butcher) sends them flying.","A corrupt and bizarre town is the quirky setting to Jeklynn Heights, a fantastical and competitive online game. Run by a Mayor with a split personality and enigmatic past, a spell haunts the town he rules. Players must complete objectives, directed by the Mayor, to win and escape the town.","**FATE: The Traitor Soul is now live on Steam!**Play (or Re-play) This Classic Dungeon Crawler!During the golden days of action RPGs, FATE was a powerhouse, winning runner-up for PC Magazine’s Role-Playing Game of the year. Popular enough to spawn 3 sequels, this was one of the premier dungeon crawlers of its time.","Recruits is a brutal fast paced top down shooter that puts the lives of countless amounts of soldiers in your command. Lead your men to victory and see them progress through the ranks, show them defeat and they will be lost forever.",Bombernauts is an explosive online multiplayer battle game with fully destructible voxel terrain. Throw stupid amounts of bombs to blow your robot friends off the world into the deadly lava below where they will surely die a fiery death!,"Take command of one race to join the struggle for supremacy in the galaxy. As the leader of your empire you are tasked with exploring the stars, colonizing new worlds, managing your empire and conquering whoever dares to oppose you.","Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams - Rise of the Owlverlord is a blistering platformer with morphing worlds, featuring seven brand new levels, a new boss and new gripping tracks from Chris Hülsbeck and Machinae Supremacy! Dash through tricky levels and transform the whole world at will in this fast-paced platformer.","InFlux is a puzzle game that mixes exploration and puzzle platforming in a series of beautiful natural and abstract environments. You are a mysterious metal sphere which falls from the sky, traversing an apparently deserted island dotted with cubic structures of glass and steel. Each glasshouse is a puzzle to be solved.","Talisman Digital Edition - The Magical Quest Game for 1 to 6 players.The officially licensed multiplayer version of the classic fantasy adventure board game, Talisman.In Talisman Digital Edition, there are 14 characters a player can control, from the heroic Warrior to the powerful Sorceress.","One of the few hardcore restaurant sims in existence, Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a deceptively easy game to learn but incredibly challenging to master as you progress through your career from owning a terrible zero star cafe into a five star world famous restaurant.","Crypt of the NecroDancer is an award winning hardcore roguelike rhythm game. Move to the music and deliver beatdowns to the beat! Groove to the epic Danny Baranowsky soundtrack, or select songs from your own MP3 collection!","Portal 2 Sixense Perceptual Pack is a free stand-alone game, developed with the Intel Perceptual Computing SDK, custom-designed for exclusive use with the Creative Senz3D depth and gesture camera, which is required to play this title. Portal 2 is not required to play Portal 2 Sixense Perceptual Pack.","Soundodger+ combines the twitchiness of bullet hell shooters with the sonic thrills of rhythm games to create a wholly unique experience. Studio Bean has updated the original Adult Swim Games title with all-new tracks, controller support, and a fully-featured level editor. Plus, auto-generate stages from your own music library!Update!","For the Bold and Wonderful PackAn assortment of potions, refinement items, buffs, vellums, and a costume to make sure that when you are leveled up you are ready to take on Baphomet and beyond! Of Special note is the Permanent 1 Slot Wonderland Costume!.","Emperium Warrior PackageA warrior needs the right set of tools to make sure the job is done right, and this assortment of buffs, elixirs, potions, and even an accessory will make sure you stay on top of other players while doing battle!Package Contains:1ea Hero Cape [1 Slot] : Costume, dyeable with 1 Rune Hole Slot.","Return to the Golden Age of arcades with a hardcore action platformer that pulls no punches! Possesses all the hallmarks of true classics like Super Ghouls 'N Ghosts (SNES), Rastan Saga (Arcade), Castlevania (NES) and more with precise controls, high challenge, and meticulous design.","Gravi is an intense puzzle-platformer that will test your tolerance for pain. Shoot and swing your way towards victory as Gravi, an adorable blue ball of energy. While you’re launching through terrorizing traps and bending gravity to your will, Anti-Gravi, an atomic ball of rage, is barreling down on your position.",Artemis is designed for anyone who watched Star Trek and dreamed of what it would be like to sit on the bridge of a star ship. Artemis simulates a spaceship bridge by networking several computers together. You cannot play Artemis single-player!,"Love pixels? Fond of platformers? Is there a special place in your heart for the 8-bit and 16-bit era? Want to have fun? Yes!? Well, you’ve come to the right place, my friend. Mutant Mudds Deluxe is a “12-bit” action platformer full of pixels and platforming fun!",Exclusively for the PC version your wizard will get all in-game robes and staffs unlocked from the start in this enhanced square edition. Remove the grinding time and get right to the action with your choice of gear!,"Nether is a unique, first-person, multiplayer urban survival experience. Set in a post-apocalyptic world, Nether forces players to make life-saving decisions in a fast-paced struggle against players and the environment. Join tribes, hold territory, scavenge, craft, trade and loot your way to stay alive.",Hunt with the pros!,"Redshirt is the comedy sci-fi sim about social networking aboard a space station, starring the station's most ambitious low-ranking peon: you! Navigate the professional and interpersonal politics of the ubiquitous &amp;quot;Spacebook&amp;quot; to curry favor among friends and colleagues.","** Please note: a remastered and improved edition of this game is now available in Zombie Army Trilogy.**Experience a terrifyingly intense co-op campaign for up to four players in this gut-wrenching sequel to Steam best-seller, Sniper Elite: Nazi Zombie Army.",The Steam Starter Pack is perfect for new players looking to kick start their medieval domination in Stronghold Kingdoms.,"Game and software creation has never been easier or quicker than with Clickteam Fusion 2.5! Discover the tool used by so many multimedia professionals, game creators, and creative people from all walks of life.",Songs2See is a fun and easy way to learn a musical instrument. It is the first music game that lets you play along to well known songs using real acoustic instruments. The only required hardware is a simple PC microphone and your instrument.,Version 1.2 Out Now!Strategy mode is now available on the plant selection screenThis mode uses a set number of turns with no time limit. Plants will automatically collect resources between turns. Keep your plant balanced and try to maximize your resources on every turn to fruit each flower before winter comes!,"Fight your way across the celestial world of Avalice where cats are green, motorcycles drive up walls and monster girls do most of the buttkicking! Freedom Planet is a cartoony, combat-based platform adventure that pits a spunky dragonoid and her friends against an alien attack force.",DINOSAURS. PIXELS. PYROCLASTIC DOOM WALLS. MULTIPLAYER RACING. MASSIVE INDIE CROSSOVERS. Dino Run DX has all of that and more. Come rediscover the original runner and escape extinction all over again.,"Omegalodon is a third-person multiplayer action game where players compete by attacking/defending the city. The Red Team is comprised of police and soldiers armed with an array of military vehicles and explosive weaponry. The Green Team is comprised of Omegalodon, a 100-foot shark monster, and the Enviros, equipped with a healing beam.","A stunning, beautiful world awaits as you take on the challenge of bridging the chasm. Can you solve the puzzles and avert disaster?","Craft The World is a unique sandbox strategy game, the mix of Dungeon Keeper, Terraria and Dwarf Fortress.Explore a random generated world populated by dangerous creatures, build a dwarf fortress, gather resources, and craft all the items, weapons, and armor you need.","The planet of Aethereus is an ancient and mysterious world filled with majestic forests, misty swamps, deep caves and ancient ruins. Devastated by three large astronomical events, the Three Great Skyfalls, it is a world just coming out of chaos and ruin.","Salvation Prophecy is a military space epic. Human, mutant, and robotic factions are at war for galactic domination. Battles rage as space fleets collide. Invaders clash against fortified enemy colonies. Yet the greatest danger is the impending annihilation foretold by an apocalyptic prophecy.","Doorways is an immersive horror adventure, featuring a complex story and deep atmosphere.","Developed by Phantomery Interactive, 1953 – KGB Unleashed is a tense and atmospheric First Person Adventure set deep within the bowels of a Soviet bunker during the Cold War. Players must uncover the dark and horrifc secrets buried within, fighting their own paranoia along the way as well as the possibility of all-too-real terrors within...",The Old God has left the world and the pretenders are awakening and coming out from hiding. You start the game by designing one of the pretender gods that will compete for true ascension to godhood. The type of god can range from a magically powerful arch mage to an ancient kraken or a mystic monolith that people pray to.,"Depth Hunter 2 is an underwater hunting game, allowing the complete experience of the spearfishing extreme sport!","Megabyte Punch is a fighting/beat ‘em up game in which you build your own fighter! As you travel through different environments, you battle other creatures to get their parts. Parts have their own powers and bonuses, like gun arms for a shoot ability or powerful hips for a devastating pelvic thrust attack.","Toribash is an innovative free-to-play online turn-based fighting game where you’re able to design your own moves. Complete control over character's body, hundreds of game mods and bloody mess with full body dismemberment - you've never been able to annihilate your enemies like that before!",Door Kickers is an innovative realtime strategy game that puts you in charge of a SWAT team and lets you command them during a tactical intervention.,Kingdoms Rise is a multiplayer fantasy game focused on palpable sword combat. Select your choice of weapons and abilities and step into a battlefield where skill alone will decide your fate.,"Draw a stickman, then guide him through a fantastic world of adventure! Using an assortment of pencils, draw elements, tools, and weapons to solve puzzles and overcome obstacles.","In the times of darkness, only the mightiest of heroes can save the world. Stand out against the evil all by yourself in epic single player mode. Swarms of bloodthirsty monsters, loads of epic gear to collect, dozens of skills to obtain. Grab your sword and fling yourself into action now!","In this action platformer you play as a cat, Bast, running through a dark fantasy world. You’ll be running, jumping and sliding with smooth and precise controls designed to make you feel like a cat. But it wont be easy. In the dark you never know what lies in the shadows.",Play &amp;quot;Cherub Rock&amp;quot; by Smashing Pumpkins on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;The Sky Is Crying&amp;quot; by Albert King on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;25 Or 6 to 4&amp;quot; by Chicago on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Elephant&amp;quot; by Tame Impala on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Ho Hey&amp;quot; by The Lumineers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Hate to Say I Told You So&amp;quot; by The Hives on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Mind Eraser, No Chaser&amp;quot; by Them Crooked Vultures on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.",Play &amp;quot;My God Is The Sun&amp;quot; by Queens Of The Stone Age on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"From Dischan Media, creators of the highly acclaimed Juniper's Knot, comes Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos.Dysfunctional Systems is a visual novel series featuring Winter Harrison, a student mediator from a utopian world. Learning to Manage Chaos is the first entry in the series.What is a mediator?","Risk of Rain is an action platformer with roguelike elements. With permanent death as a primary feature, players will have to play their best to get as far as possible. Fight on a mysterious planet with randomly spawning enemies and bosses, either alone or with 3 friends in online co-op.","NEO Scavenger is a game where you must survive in the wasteland long enough to figure out who you are. Each turn, you must decide where to go, how to scavenge for supplies, and how to deal with anything and anyone you encounter.","Vector is an exciting, arcade-style game featuring you as the exceptional free runner who won’t be held down by the system. In this totalitarian world freedom and individually is nothing more than a distant dream. But the heart of a freerunner is strong, and so you break free.","Dungeon of the Endless is a Rogue-Like Dungeon-Defense game, in which the player and their team of heroes must protect the generator of their crashed ship while exploring an ever-expanding dungeon, all while facing waves of monsters and special events as they try to find their way out...","Mmmm….pinball! Based on PopCap's hit title, Plants vs. Zombies, Zen Studios is bringing the zombie invasion to the pinball playfield! Plant your defenses and prepare your flippers for a Plants vs. Zombies pinball adventure!","Feel the disturbance in the Force in Star Wars™ Pinball: Balance of the Force, featuring three brand new original pinball tables immersing fans in the most iconic moments of the Star Wars™ universe. Experience the power of the Dark Side with a special Darth Vader tribute table.","LEGO® Marvel™ Super Heroes features an original story crossing the entire Marvel Universe. Players take control of Iron Man, Spider-Man, the Hulk, Captain America, Wolverine and many more Marvel characters as they unite to stop Loki and a host of other Marvel villains from assembling a super-weapon capable of destroying the world.","After escaping the M17 vampire hunters, Eric Bane’s next adventure is already waiting for him. Eric learns of the mysterious ‘Book of the Dead’ which grants its owner power of Death and his creatures. For a vampire, this book presents not only great danger but the chance to learn much about his kind.","Fire up the Time Portal and send your Sims to their most exciting destination yet: a whole new world that exists hundreds of years in the future! While they are there, your Sims can build their Advanced Technology Skill in order to get the most out of future technology.","Bring all of the glitz and glamour of Hollywood straight into your Sims’ homes with The Sims™ 3 Movie Stuff! Set the stage for more unique stories with distinctively themed décor, furnishings, and clothing inspired by iconic movie genres.",Ancient Space is a story driven single player real time strategy game where you take command of a fleet embarking on a scientific mission to chart undiscovered reaches of space called ‘The Black Zone’. Overcome overwhelming odds and fight for your life and the survival of your ship and its crew.,"DCS: Mi-8MTV2 Magnificent Eight is a highly realistic PC simulation of the Mi-8MTV2, a combat transport and fire support helicopter and an upgraded variant of one of the most widely produced helicopters in the world - the Russian Mi-8 (NATO reporting name ‘Hip’).","DCS: Flaming Cliffs 3 is the next evolution of the Flaming Cliffs series that operates with DCS World. FC3 features the F-15C, A-10A, Su-27, Su-33, MiG-29A, MiG-29S and Su-25. The FC3 aircraft provide an easy learning curve for new players and focuses on a broad range of aircraft rather than a detailed single aircraft.","Welcome to Unholy Heights, a mashup of Tower Defense and Apartment Management Simulation! The Devil has converted a tenement building into monsters-only housing, and has big plans for the future. Sucker monsters into moving into your building, charge them rent and keep them happy by buying them furniture.","Stuck in a remote, abandoned town, you must lead five survivors with conflicting motivations, fragile relationships and fiery prejudices to safety from the roving undead. A sophisticated engine generates new survivors, towns and content so every adventure is a different experience, and you can use built-in editors to add yourself and...","NEStalgia is an original MORPG inspired by the glory days of traditional console RPGs. Essentially &amp;quot;Dragon Warrior 3 meets World of Warcraft&amp;quot;, NEStalgia is an amalgam of the best generations of RPG gaming. You can play solo, in private games with friends, or online with hundreds of other players!","The Castle Doctrine is a massively-multiplayer game of burglary and home defense. It's 1991, and things are bad. You're a guy with a house and family. Other players are coming to take what's yours. Build security to stop them. Study their houses, buy tools, and break in to take what's theirs. Everything you do is permanent.","A journey begins... A treacherous tower... Unravel its mysteries!Discover the secrets kept in the long abandoned Tesla Tower!Magnetism and other electromagnetic powers will help you explore a non-linear world of beautiful hand-drawn environments, in a steampunk-inspired vision of old Europe.","Top-down 2.5D action that combines old-school shooters like Star Control, action-RPGs like Diablo, with a system that evolves unique weapons to player preferences. Single-player and 32-player online coop and PVP.","Delver is a first person action roguelike dungeon crawl with crunchy pixels.Take the role of an adventurer that tries their fate in the dark dungeons (and probably dies horribly). Fight monsters, grab loot, hoard potions, and level up!","What happens when the only hope of a threatened world lies not with heroes in shining armor, but in the hands of a band of misfits and criminals? Blackguards, a new turn-based strategy RPG, explores this very question. You will discover over 180 unique hex-based battlegrounds within a dark and mature story of crime, drugs, and murder.","A new breed of WARRIOR returns, committed to destroying the enemies of FREEDOM When ONE angry man, has a world to protect - There is only ONE future – HIS OWN No-nonsense hero Marlow never shied away from danger or trouble. But now he faces his ULTIMATE challenge.","Get the High Power pack, an explosive bundle of 5 powerful weapons that are usable in both single player and Spies vs Mercs!Weaponry Includes:AC S12 ShotgunGC36C Assault RifleMP5-10 SMGPP-19 Black Market SMGUSP45 Hand...","In Scribblenauts Unmasked: A DC Comics Adventure, Maxwell unites with Batman™, Superman™ and the rest of The Justice League™ to restore order to the DC Comics Universe. Challenge your imagination as you battle the mightiest villains in an exciting, action-filled adventure through GOTHAM CITY™, METROPOLIS™, ATLANTIS™ and other iconic...",Use the Starter Pack to get a head start in Forge with a 2x XP boost and show your foes that you are a real champion by wearing the legendary Shadow Armor! The Vaklndr forged the Shadow Armor deep in the darkness of the Devourer’s dwelling. It is stained with the same shadows the Devourer casts.,"With the Limited Edition Starter Pack, players are given spectacular Bivröst Armor set for all characters as well as a 30 day 2x XP boost. Strike fear into the hearts of even your most cold blooded foes with this glorious armor!It is said that there was once a rainbow bridge that connected Mitgarde to Astgarte, the dwelling of the gods.","Bask in the glory of divinity and show your enemies that you are a true believer with the Divine Starter Pack! This pack gives players the Armor of the Divine for 5 characters as well as a 30 day 2x XP boost.Deep in the heart of Forge, beneath the feet of Ymil’s temple, are the mines that contain the Sacred Stones of the Divine.","Dive head first into the action with the PvP Pro Pack! The PvP Pro Pack instantly levels up all characters to level 25, gives players 30 days of 2x XP boost, and gives all characters the Shadow Armor set.The Vaklndr forged the Shadow Armor deep in the darkness of the Devourer’s dwelling.","Is your game missing a bit of atmosphere?The Futuristic Atmospheres music pack by composer Joel Steudler features 15 ambient soundscapes that set the stage for exploring abandoned spaceships, surviving the apocalypse, blade running, bug hunting, and plugging into whatever matrix your game requires.","High Fantasy Main Party Pack I is a character-only bundle filled with resources that help flesh out the more important characters in your game. The characters are created in western-styled fashion, and are compatible with the High Fantasy Resource Pack 2.",Get ready to wage war on history!Bring the deities and creatures from Ancient Egypt to life when you grab this pack and give your heroes a truly historical set of new enemies to take on!This resource pack contains:Over 40 monsters and deities from Egyptian legend!Stylistically matches the multitude of free battlers by Thalzon.,Step into the heat of the desert and the grand towns built around the busy bazaars. Create elaborate house and palace interiors and make your Arabian night dreams come true.This middle-Eastern inspired set will help you create the perfect Arabian town.,"As the owner of a brand new railway company, you must manage train schedules, develop new railways, construct buildings, and manipulate the stock market on your quest to earn one trillion dollars.Have you ever wondered what it's like to manage a railway company, or how trains can impact the fate of an entire city?","Forge Quest is a dungeon crawling rpg set in a voxel world. Explore the land full of chickens on a light hearted quest to become a hero. Delve deep into the randomly generated dungeons to battle monsters, find treasure and craft your equipment. Invite your friends to join your world and help you in your adventure.","FORCED is a challenging 1-4-player game with co-op at its heart! A mix of tactical arcade action, RPG elements and puzzles will forge you and your friends together. As slaves in the toughest gladiator school of them all, you will face a plethora of unique trials - designed to be your death!","What Lilly sees is about to change her life forever.... Help our heroine through a variety of enchanting environments brimming with magic and wonder, as she seeks to rewrite the past, change the present, and unlock the ultimate mystery. Geeta Games presents an animated point-and-click adventure for all ages: Lilly Looking Through.",A comical puzzle platformer where you must die to progress. The bodies you leave behind are your only tools to solve puzzles on your quest to find the Cup of Life.,"TorqueL is unique a 2D &amp;quot;rolling&amp;quot; &amp;amp; &amp;quot;extend&amp;quot; platformer/action/puzzle game. Including total 50 chambers, 7 basic routes. Music of product version created by sanodg(Nobuyoshi Sano).",Assault Android Cactus is an intense arcade style twin stick shooter - pick from one of nine unique synthetic heroines and blast your way through overwhelming robots hordes to save the ship from its own workforce. Supports single player and local co-op game modes.,"Save 60% off regular prices!It’s your turn to play the bad guys, but do you and your brethren have the tools and the talent to teach those CTs the power of your principles? It’s time to arm yourselves to the teeth and bring about the chaos that the people of the world secretly clamour for!",Save 60% off regular prices!The people of the world are counting on you to protect them from the dangers that lurk around every corner! Only by taking advantage of the most hi-tech and powerful weapons can you and your squad combat terrorism effectively.,"Save over 50%!Need to get into the action and start dishing out the pain?! Then grab the Quick Fire Pack now! Armed with an assault rifle, SMG and pistol, you’ll be able to respond quickly and with deadly force to any incursion. Lock and load!","“METAL SLUG 3”, the masterpiece in SNK’s emblematic 2D run &amp;amp; gun action shooting game series, still continues to fascinate millions of fans worldwide to this day for its intricate dot-pixel graphics, and simple and intuitive game controls!","Explore the vast wilderness of Africa on foot and by vehicle, where you’ll go head to head with the most ferocious beasts on the planet as you attempt to take down the biggest of the &amp;quot;Big 5:&amp;quot; The Rhino, Lion, Leopard, Cape Buffalo &amp;amp; African Elephant!","Extend your copy of Hacker Evolution with this music package containing 5 new tracks. Hard, fast and ruthless industrial music mixed with epic sounds are guaranteed to give the game a whole new dimension. Feel the coldness of the game cut through you. All tracks composed and specially remixed for the game by Claudio Pelissero.","Extend your copy of Hacker Evolution Untold with this music package containing 5 new tracks. Hard, fast and ruthless industrial music mixed with epic sounds are guaranteed to give the game a whole new dimension. Feel the coldness of the game cut through you. All tracks composed and specially remixed for the game by Claudio Pelissero.","Jazzpunk is a comedy adventure set in an alternate reality Cold War World, plagued with corporate espionage, CyberCrime, and sentient martinis. Gameplay is inspired by spoof comedy films and cartoons of yesteryear, with a focus on weird gadgets, exotic locales, and open-world style exploration.","Modern platforming action gets an extra helping of classic 2D fighting! Bust mad combos across 16 action-packed levels as Struggles, the comic book nerd with a sick arsenal of flashy moves. Action fans, fighting fans, and air combo fans...this one’s for you.","Note: This is the exact same simulation of the F-15C as featured in DCS: Flaming Cliffs 3.The F-15 has often been labeled as the greatest fighter aircraft in the world from the 1970s until the early 21st century. Designed to counter the exaggerated capabilities of the Soviet MiG-25 &amp;quot;Foxbat&amp;quot;, the F-15 has been the backbone of U.","The Su-27, NATO codename Flanker, is one of the pillars of modern-day Russian combat aviation. Built to counter the American F-15 Eagle, the Flanker is a twin-engine, supersonic, highly manoeuvrable air superiority fighter.","Blockland is a non-linear sandbox game with no set goals, giving players the freedom to design and construct elaborate structures. Styled as a tiny minifigure, players build inside of the virtual world using bricks reminiscent of toy blocks.",MovieWriterPro was designed to increase screenplay writing speed without taking care of script formatting.,"There is an unusual cabin deep in the woods. It had served as a laboratory and a dwelling for three generations of Lodgers.But as of late the latest Lodger has been noticing weird changes in familiar surroundings; things are missing, noises and rattle heard. Something odd is coming out of the woods.","“A real Gem” – Destructoid at E3 “Offers a different experience for zombie game veterans” – Co-Optimus“Has a lot more going for it than smashing brains and gory, red goo ... With a surprisingly deep crafting system” – GamesRadarYou're shipwrecked on an isolated island, a desperate castaway in a total freakshow world. How will you survive?",8BitMMO is a retro-style 2D massively multiplayer game! It's a giant construction sandbox -- you can build a home or a castle in a persistent streaming world. Found and manage your own city. Fight evil LawyerCats and engage in Player vs Player battle.,Become an appraised bridge engineer and architect in Bridge Constructor. Create and design your own constructions and watch the cars and trucks pass over them - or see them fall and crash while your inferior creations collapse due to weight and the laws of physics!,Super Amazing Wagon Adventure is a fast-paced 2d shooting game with a random story. You control a group of three migrants traveling west along a wagon trail. The game consists of short scenes that are sequenced together in a semi-random way to tell a crazy adventure story.,"Underrail is an old school turn-based isometric indie role playing game that focuses on exploration and combat. The game is set in a distant future, when the life on the Earth’s surface has long since been made impossible and the remnants of humanity now dwell in the Underrail, a vast system of metro station-states that, it seems, are...","C-Wars is pixel action game with strategy, rogue-like flavor, and a 16-bit graphics which is retro enough to bring you back to 90's. If you love challenge, pixel art, and occasionally play FPS, then C-Wars is worth to try out.",A COMMUNITY CREATED Hack'n Slash RPG where players can team up and tackle exciting adventures made by other community members in our in-game Adventure Construction Kit - It's DIABLO meets LITTLE BIG PLANET!,"Paranautical Activity combines the classic FPS action of games like Doom and Quake, with the randomness and difficulty of modern roguelikes like Binding of Isaac and Spelunky.","A fly ascends to the skies, pondering the pointlessness of its brief existence. The Plan was developed as a side project by Krillbite Studio, who's currently finishing their main project Among the Sleep.&amp;quot;Hey, You Should Play This&amp;quot; - Patrick Klepek, Giantbomb&amp;quot;Some may argue that The Plan isn't really a game and it...","Among the Sleep is a first person horror adventure, in which you play a two year old child. After being awoken abruptly by some strange force you explore the eerie house while looking for comfort.","High speed hack-and-slash action!Tonight, in the Queen's realm of Ilance, two prodigies representing the Knight and Aristocrat factions will do battle in ‘the Adjuvant Trial’. This ritual, which has been held since the founding of the nation, decides which faction will hold military and political authority, and protect the Queen, the...","From the creator of the Gundemonium Collection comes a thrilling new 2D action-platformer! Help Bunny escape the Devils’ Labyrinth and defeat the 7 Devils in this hilariously over-the-top action-platformer game. Battle through a large, connected map filled with unique enemies, traps, and puzzles.",Super Time Force Ultra is an insane platformer filled with robots and dinosaurs and fun and time travel... sometimes all at the same time!,"After a thousand years of a fragile peace, clues showing that the war between Gods, Humans and Demons, that was once responsible for an unspeakable destruction, could have started to appear. As troubling events happen, rumors rise about mysterious and evil forces coming back to life.","Shovel Knight: Treasure Trove is the full and complete edition of Shovel Knight, a sweeping classic action adventure game series with awesome gameplay, memorable characters, and an 8-bit retro aesthetic.","Things just got real on EDNIII. Download this free DLC pack to experience higher resolution, in-game cinematics! (Purchase of full game is required.","Inland ship captains prefer the confined river and its banks to the vastness of the open ocean. But make no mistake, by no means is the river an easy ride and concentration is key when hauling cargo on a busy river to its destination. Lack of focus or experience can prove disastrous for your precious vessel, its cargo and your reputation.","The Focke-Wulf Fw 190 is widely regarded as Germany's best fighter aircraft of World War II. Its appearance in the skies over France in August 1941 was a rude shock to the Allies, as it was clearly superior to any other plane. For nearly a year, the Fw 190 was the unmatched champion of the air war in Europe.","With Railroad X you can build complex railway worlds on your PC or notebook and it is possible to control trains as a train driver. You can control the entire rail traffic with a sophisticated signal system. Build train consists from steam, diesel and electric locomotives, passenger and freight cars.","The new reference in RTS at its best!The Wargame series returns to duty, larger, richer and more spectacular than ever before. In Wargame Red Dragon, you are engaged in a large-scale conflict where Western forces clash against the Communist bloc.",T͓ͅo̞͎͍̖͖̖ ̭͈̰̩̖̮͇i̸̺̫͓̠n͟v̧͓̱̮̰̩o̲͙̫͈k̦͓͉̳͖̥e̠͕̤̭̭ ̜̜̙̖̕t͍̟̠͎̙h̟̣͈̯͙͔͠e̹͈̯̱̖̺ ̗h͈̞͓i̱̞̭̟̜̼̩v̠̠̩͍̼e̴̤͙̠̯͚-̖̱͎̰̫̯m̙i͏̰̱̭n̘̹̯̠̘̻̕d̖͇ͅ ͍̘̺r̨e̻̻p̻̩̤̙̫͡r͕͔͖͙̻͎̲͞e̞̯̟͖̟͠s̵͕e͉̤͔͈̳ͅn̙͈͚͕t͎̻̪̮̻̮ͅi͕͢ng̝̞̯̞̯̯ ̦̥̟c͔͓̘͙͎̻h̪̞̫̟̩̦̰a̲̬̯o̗̘͇͔͇͔s.,"So we asked the guys at Team Meat if they would be cool with us making a Dr. Fetus skin for Admiral Swiggins. They told us &amp;quot;awesome. do as you wish with it :)&amp;quot;, so here's what would have happened if Swiggins went to Med School instead of War School.","INFRA puts you into the boots of a structural analyst on a routine mission. Quickly though, your task turns into a fight for survival, all caused by deep-rooted schemes of the past. Your tools are simple: your camera and the wits to navigate a labyrinth of debris.","Chroma Squad is a tactical RPG about five stunt actors who decide to quit their jobs and start their own Power Rangers-inspired TV show! Cast actors, purchase equipment and upgrades for your studio, craft weapons and giant Mechas out of cardboard and duct tape.","Hailed as one of the largest, longest and most meticulously detailed turn-based JRPG series of all time, this first chapter in the ongoing Trails saga sets the stage for what's quickly become Ys developer Nihon Falcom's most popular and best-selling franchise in their entire 30+ year history.","Damned: A Randomized Online Horror Game - What is Damned? Damned is a randomized online horror game for up to 5 players (4 survivors and 1 monster). You’ll be able to play as one of four people trapped in different haunted places (hotels, hospitals, etc).",Officially licensed version of the &amp;quot;Mensa Select&amp;quot; award-winning board game! Hive is a board game with a difference. There is no board! The pieces are added to the playing area thus creating the board.,"Livelock is a co-operative top-down shooter where you play solo or with up to two allies to break the cycle of infinite war between machines. As one of the remaining Capital Intellects, your role is to unlock Eden and revive humanity.","Picking up shortly after The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky, Estelle travels across Liberl in search of Joshua. The journey involves more than seeking loved ones, however, as the Bracer Guild also tasks her with unraveling the mysteries behind the newly unveiled Society of Ouroboros.","Eleusis is a 3d first-person adventure game for Windows developed by Nocturnal Works using the technology of the unreal engine. It takes place in a seemingly abandoned village in Greece where the player character, while trying to seek refuge, finds himself in the center of a whirlwind of mysterious events.","Escape Goat is a puzzle platformer where you take control of a goat, who has been imprisoned for witchcraft, and overcome traps and obstacles to escape the Prison of Agnus. Fear not, for with your supreme agility, sturdy horns, and the help of a magic mouse friend, you can turn the tables on foes and use the environment to your advantage.","Call of Cthulhu: The Wasted Land is a turn-based strategy/role-playing game based on the award winning Call of Cthulhu RPG. Set in the midst of World War One, the game pits your team of investigators and soldiers against an ancient enemy, one older than humanity itself...","Dark Matter is a 2.5D side-scrolling survival horror game, set in a derelict spaceship besieged by a sinister alien presence, and infested with deadly parasites. As the Ensign, you must explore fetid hallways and abandoned facilities, scavenging for parts and blueprints, expanding your arsenal to up to four deadly weapons and freely...","The Inner World – A 2D-Point’n’Click Adventure Together with the help of the mysterious thief Laura, his best intentions and no clue whatsoever, Robert sets off on his adventure to discover the secret of the wind's disappearance. Will the young adventurer be able to save his world?","Welcome to Heroes of Havoc, the RPG that combines clicker controls with amazing 3D graphics! Sending your heroes into battle couldn’t be simpler. Give the command and your epic party will march into combat, slaying monsters, earning XP and collecting loot while you upgrade heroes and reap rewards.","TowerFall Ascension is the definitive version of the hit archery combat game. Inspired by classics from the golden age of couch multiplayer, it's a 4-player local party game centering around hilarious, intense versus matches. The core mechanics are simple and accessible, but hard to master and combat is fierce.","Gravity Ghost is a physics game with a twist. Run, jump, and soar around planets, using gravity to glide through the air. Explore a shattered galaxy and rescue its survivors, armed with powerups and mysterious terraforming powers. Meet the 7 magical guardians and best their challenges. There's no killing, no dying, and no way to fail.","In the year 1905, Albert Einstein published the theory of special relativity, suggesting that nothing could move faster than the speed of light. What if any mortal could break that constant? Stretch it beyond its limits? Would human beings finally be able to find a way to cheat death and win over immorality?","Exclusively brought to Steam for PC, Mac and Linux in Anomaly Bundle, Anomaly Korea is an expansion campaign to Anomaly Warzone Earth. The alien robots are back and this time they’ve got Korea in their sights. It’s your job to lead a squad into fierce fire-fights and fend off the alien invasion.","An ambitious young Guild Master travels the dying sky islands of Medonia to uncover a way to save his once utopian homeland, but can he accept the shocking truth that awaits him? Your own airship, innovative turn-based combat, and more await you in this love letter to JRPG classics!","The super-addictive and very, very hard platform game finally arrives on Steam - it's quite possibly the world's hardest game! As well as five classic Impossible Game levels, this desktop version includes an EXCLUSIVE new Level Editor.","Speedball 2 HD is a modern reincarnation on the classic, futuristic cyberpunk sports game Speedball, originally developed by the Bitmap Brothers and first released for the Atari ST in 1990. A brutal mix of handball and ice hockey placed at break-neck pace.","Chainsaw Warrior from Games Workshop is the classic nail-biting game for one strong-nerved player! It's the year 2032 and spatial warping has opened a hole into another dimension in the midst of the old municipal buildings at the heart of Manhattan. Bizarre and dangerous creatures are flooding into our dimension, intent on destruction.","Legend of Grimrock 2 is a dungeon crawling role playing game with a modern execution but an oldschool heart. A group of four prisoners have shipwrecked on the secluded Isle of Nex. The island is filled with ancient crumbled ruins, mysterious shrines and a vast underground network of dungeons.",New version 4.3 - Leadwerks Game Engine is the easiest way to make 3D games. Learn everything you need with our comprehensive tutorials. Build games with the world's most intuitive game development system. Publish to Steam Workshop or as a standalone and show your game off to the world.,"Hard hat tester, Ray, has a bizarre accident and wakes up with a giant pink spaghetti arm sticking out of his brain! With his awesome new powers he can read minds and change the world with stickers but he’s on the run for a crime he didn’t commit. Can you help Ray out of this sticky situation?","Imagine a world where death is no longer final, where precious memories are saved to enjoy forever, where your soul is immortal, welcome to the Soul Cloud. Upload your soul to our dedicated servers and relax knowing that a part of you will live on for eternity.",An uncharted world awaits. World of Diving is the multiplayer online game that brings you an exhilarating underwater adventure with optional VR support.,Travel across the universe and save dying suns from extinction in this unique and challenging puzzle strategy game. You are the last hope to bring salvation to a perishing universe as you collect and deliver fragments of plasma using your omni-directional ship.,"World War II Online recreates the brutal war in Western Europe in a zone-less 300,000 SQ KM game world! Free-to-play, MMOFPS, true combined arms action, with over 100 historically accurate weapons and vehicles, 10 personas, and much more! Do you think you have what it takes? Enlist Now!","Rule the world or die trying!Being a Princess is not an easy job. Being a Queen is even harder. Especially when you're only fourteen years old, and the reason you've inherited the throne is that your royal mother has just met an untimely end.Now power is up for grabs.","When a global war nearly decimated humankind, an evil military organization called Oniken takes advantage of the situation to dominate and oppress the few remaining survivors. Even though any resistance to this organization seemed hopeless, a small rebel movement organizes strikes against Oniken.","Assume the role of Wyatt in this Action/Exploration Platformer as you explore the ruins of a holy city that was lost many years ago. Battle various types of demons, angels, and a new threat known only as the “Ferals”, using swordsmanship, martial arts, and sorcery.","Become a boss of a construction company. Demolish old houses, flatten the ground, fill foundations with concrete and build new buildings - this is what you do. Sit behind the wheel of different construction machines - from trucks and diggers to huge cranes.","Gimbal is the multiplayer shooter with buildable vehicles. Customize your weaponry, engines, and accessories, and then take to the skies against other pilots in real time.","Explore the vast terrains of Mars, generated from real NASA satellite data, and survive by discovering randomized supply caches and habitats. Adventure in an otherworldly first-person sandbox.",Explore a neon galaxy in your very own battleship in this 1- to 4-player couch co-op adventure.,"Divide By Sheep is a mind-bending math puzzler about friendship and slicing sheep in half with lasers. The Grim Reaper flooded the world, and it's up to you to save critters stranded on islands. Insane math skills required.","The true meaning of the word fear... Once upon a time, fairy tales were valuable cautionary yarns filled with dire warnings and sage advice. However, over time, the stories have become so watered down with cute woodland creatures and happy endings that they have lost their true meaning and purpose. No more!","Anomaly Warzone Earth Mobile Campaign continues Steam's Anomaly Warzone Earth in extra 15-level campaign. Originally released on mobile devices, the campaign is brought to Steam for PC, Mac and Linux exclusively in Anomaly Bundle. AWE Mobile Campaign turns tower defense on its head.","Step into a living comic book in this new take on the Ninja Gaiden series. Brandishing his ninja sword and the mecha weapons in his cyber arm, Yaiba slaughters zombies with brutal, over-the-top abandon. Will you slice enemies to pieces, crush them with Yaiba's cyborg arm or just rip off a zombie’s arms to use as nunchucks?","Maia is a colony building game set in the not-so-distant future. Your colonists make planetfall on a hostile world and you must ensure their survival and their safety, constructing their off-world habitat from almost nothing and sheltering them from a dangerous, often deadly environment.","Pick your faction, Monster, strategy, and find out who gets to become King of the Undead!","Explore dead civilizations, write about what you find, and share your stories with the universe: a game about writing fiction.","Killing zombies never gets old, but sometimes you just need a break. Get back to some serious old-school gaming with Syder Arcade! Syder Arcade is a love letter to Amiga games of the ‘90s, no coins, no upgrade grinding, just your tenacity and a motherload of alien invaders.","You're on your own. No one to come for you. No one to help you. No one to hear you scream. Slender: The Arrival is the official videogame adaption of Slender Man, developed in collaboration with Eric &amp;quot;Victor Surge&amp;quot; Knudson, creator of the paranormal phenomenon that has been terrifying the curious-minded around the world since...","BRO-TACULAR! Legendary martial artists, Billy and Jimmy Lee return in this creative re-imagining of the classic beat ‘em up, Double Dragon Neon. Fight your way through countless henchmen including Linda and Abobo on your way to rescue the love of your life, Marian!","Russell Stone is a Jewish Rabbi at a poor synagogue in New York City. He is a devout man with a problem. Membership is way down and he lacks the funds to keep his synagogue open. Things are looking very bleak, and he has grown progressively more cynical and bitter with the passage of time.","SteamWorld Dig is a platform mining adventure with strong Metroidvanian influences. Take the role of Rusty, a lone mining steambot, as he arrives at an old mining town in great need. Dig your way through the old earth, gaining riches while uncovering the ancient threat that lurks below...","Revenge will consume you, but redemption will push you to your breaking point.Play as Dusty, a multi- weapon wielding warrior ready to face loads of outlawed criminals, dangerous creatures and the ruthless evil villain that rules them all.","StarDrive 2 is an exciting and evolutionary step forward for the StarDrive franchise. In this eagerly anticipated sequel, the core mechanics have evolved to incorporate a turn-based strategic layer, featuring spectacular realtime battles.",Design and then improve the ultimate mothership. Explore a persistent living galaxy populated by 200 unique captains that can do everything you can do. Survive the zombie infection and then fight them back. Make allies and start your own faction. Build your empire. Also includes Sandbox Mode.,Off to the next round! Experience a new omnibus simulator with OMSI 2 and start discovering Spandau while driving the omnibus. OMSI 2 is the successor of the well-known and awarded omnibus simulator &amp;quot;OMSI - The Bus Simulator&amp;quot;.,QBEH-1 is an atmospheric 1st-person puzzle platformer that takes players on a quest through a series of divergent worlds. Each world is filled with new puzzles that require special cubes to solve as well as fun secrets to uncover. Includes a LEVEL EDITOR and STEAM WORKSHOP support!,"Depths of Fear :: Knossos, a Greek-themed, 1st Person, Roguelike stealthy action-adventure where you play as Theseus out to kill the rampaging horror the Minotaur. Succeed in the beast’s slaughter or learn the meaning of fear trying. You will run. You will hide. You will fight. You will die.","Control a car full of jerks as they explore cities, recruit weird people, rescue dogs, argue with each other, and face gigantic swarms of slow zombies. Randomly generated for a new story and rare events every time you play!","Eldritch is a first-person action game inspired by roguelikes, immersive sims, and H. P. Lovecraft.Unearth ancient secrets and find your way to freedom!Sneak, fight, and explore strange worlds!Invoke mystical powers to augment your play style!Randomly generated levels provide fresh challenges and opportunities!",Discover the beautiful world of Nihilumbra and join Born on his adventure to find himself whilst trying to escape from his inevitable curse. Born was created from the absolute nothingness: The Void. But somehow he separates himself from the black emptiness and appears in the world.,Fantasy Grounds is a hybrid application which allows you to play and create your own RPG games. It facilitates this play and provides some optional add-on Adventure modules which can be loaded and played with very little preparation. Each game will require a GameMaster (GM) and one or more players.,"Step aboard the 1914 Orient Express in this award-winning mystery adventure from Prince of Persia creator Jordan Mechner. Described as one of the best adventure games of all time, The Last Express is an intrigue-filled adventure set aboard the luxurious Orient Express.","The original PC sensation that started it all! We've brought it back in all its virginal glory! The world was a much simpler place in 1995. The kids were listening to the grunge, the first test-tube gorilla was born at the Cincinnati Zoo, and a little trivia game called YOU DON’T KNOW JACK took the interactive CD-ROM trivia game show...","Ever wondered what a cross between Tetris and Lemmings would look like? Well, wonder no more, 'cause... MouseCraft is here! MouseCraft is an A to B puzzle game where players help Schrödinger, the crazy cat scientist, in completing his mysterious, mice-powered invention.","Vox is a voxel based, action, adventure and creation game with a big focus on player created content and in-game customization on all game objects, such as characters, items, weapons, equipment, monsters, NPCs, world terrain, scenery, quests, etc.Come and explore your imagination!","Claire is alone, lost, and hunted. The world has quickly becomes shrouded in darkness with unseen threats stalking Claire from the shadows. Aided by her dog and armed only with a flashlight, Claire must conquer her fear and find her comatose mother. However, there are others lost in the darkness seeking salvation.","Streamline is a frantically fun multiplayer action game with deep Twitch integration. As a Hunter, chase down and smack the Runners. As a Runner, compete for points and stay far away from the Hunter’s swinging stop sign.",Team up to operate an advanced starship and explore a randomized galaxy falling into chaos. Each player (up to five) takes on a unique role and must work together in order to find the Lost Colony.,"The Queen of Vampires emerges from the ashes of history, seeking to destroy the world of humans and rule over its ruins! No one, human or vampire, will stand in her way!Count Dracula awakens, weakened and stripped of his powers after years of healing from his last battle with Dr. Van Helsing.","You're a constructer and you’ve specialized in the &amp;quot;bringing up&amp;quot; of skyscrapers. Due to your specialization over the years you constantly get new orders for higher and higher skyscrapers in town. Within your responsibilities are the planning, the supply with construction materials and the worker management.","Soccer meets driving once again in the long-awaited, physics-based multiplayer-focused sequel to Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars! Choose a variety of high-flying vehicles equipped with huge rocket boosters to score amazing aerial goals and pull-off incredible game-changing saves!","R-TYPE made a baby with Plant vs Zombies and called it McDROID ... An old school hard-as-nail &amp;quot;ARCADE TOWER DEFENSE&amp;quot; where you play a little robots who heals PLANET, protects obnoxious big brother SHUTTLE, farms, loots, does weird science and plays with that WAVE CANON...",You are a solar-powered craft. The sun is your death timer. Hurtle towards the sunset at breakneck speed in a futile race against time. Delay the inevitable by catching speed boosts which reverse the setting sun - if only for a moment.,"Halfway is a turn-based strategy RPG taking place a few hundred years into the future. Humanity has started colonising new worlds. Until now, they were alone ...","KW2B brings massive sieges and survival to medieval strategy. With epic storytelling and complex crafting, fight to survive through brutal siege combat, fighting each other, and hordes of Zombies. With complex castle and city building, beautiful, yet gory battlefields await in episodic story campaign, mmo skirmish and coop modes.",A Hat in Time is a cute-as-heck 3D platformer featuring a little girl who stitches hats for wicked powers! Freely explore giant worlds and recover Time Pieces to travel to new heights!,"Stonehearth is a game of exploration and survival in an epic fantasy setting. Build your town, care for your hearthlings, and defend against marauding invaders.","Ever wondered what running at 140mph feels like? FOTONICA is a first-person game about the thrill of speed and traveling flawlessly through complex environments.FOTONICA is simple, but is not easy: it follows a tradition of arcade games that are easy to pick up and almost impossible to master.","Set in Wild West, FESTER MUDD: CURSE OF THE GOLD is a three-part comic saga of exploration, reunion, and redemption...and a love letter to the classic adventure games of the 90s! Roused from a life of sloth to reunite with his long-lost brother in search of unimaginable riches, reluctant hero Fester Mudd somehow manages to be intrepid...",Experience true psychological horror as you explore nightmares inspired by the creator's struggles with depression and OCD. The defenseless protagonist must avoid monstrous manifestations of what haunts his subconscious in his quest to wake up into reality.,"What's a barbarian to do? Captured by crazed cultists, tied to a tree, and abandoned as buzzard chow, our pixelatd protagonist is ready for revenge! Sword &amp;amp; Sorcery! Might &amp;amp; Muscle! Are you Tiny enough for this Barbarian-sized adventure?","Axis Game Factory’s AGFPRO v3.0 – for PC, MAC and LINUXWe just released version 3.0 of AGFPRO &amp;amp; Premium - there are a TON of new features, assets and functionality that have been added, giving users the ability to create amazing game levels and maps like NEVER BEFORE!!Major features to AGFPRO 3.","You’re the Private Investigator on a string of grisly murders, scouring for clues in a 3D side-scrolling world. Grab your fedora and revolver - in Hot Tin Roof you’re on the case! Dive into a noir mystery and become Emma Jones, the only PI partnered to a cat named Franky.","From the award winning studio that brought you Ravensword: The Fallen King and Aralon: Sword and Shadow, comes Ravensword: Shadowlands. After the fall of Ravengard, the world descended into chaos. The Kingdom of Tyreas stood alone against a sea of dark elven invaders. The Ravensword was lost, and the dark times began.","CastleMiner Z is an infinite world filled with deep places to explore, and horrifying monsters to slay. Build structures out of blocks, craft weapons and tools from raw materials, and explore the vast and frightening world around you.",The original revolution of action has arrived on Steam. Put your skills to the test in one of the most renowned action-oriented and diverse MMORPG experiences of all time. Play now for free!,Turn-based tactical combat set in the award-winning world of the Iron Kingdoms. Command your custom squad of steam-powered robots and elite warriors in raging battles dominated by magic and mechanika. Battle in online multiplayer and play the epic 21-mission single player campaign!,Fortress Forever is a Source mod inspired by the earlier versions of the Team Fortress series (Team Fortress Classic and QuakeWorld Team Fortress).,Local multiplayer! Play your friends. Crush their dreams. Smell their fear. Destroy them with a thousand pigeons.,Wrack is all about action - spectacular action! The addictive kill chain system encourages you to mow down as many enemies in a short period of time as possible. No hiding - keep your chain going by getting out there and kicking some alien ass!,Steam Marines is a squad based Roguelike set on a steampunk spaceship. It features tactical play focused on positioning and careful use of resources. Built to keep you on your toes as you progress through the decks of your besieged ship while clearing enemies and trying to reach each level's elevator.,Control the evolution with the touch of your finger. Climb your way through the evolutional ladder. Start as a little organism and transform into a magnificent aquatic being. Explore the abyss in search of nutritional elements. Attack other species whenever you run out of other food sources.,"Curvy 3D 3.0 is an innovative sculpting program for Windows, ideal for first time 3D artists. Drawing is Fast: Curvy brings new speed to 3D modelling by letting you draw shapes straight into 3D. Painting is Easy: Colours and shapes are easy to work with using Curvy's artist friendly tools.","&amp;quot;Tiny Brains&amp;quot; is a cooperative action puzzler that follows four super-powered lab animals in their attempt to escape a mad scientist's experiments. In this joyously chaotic multiplayer game, the four &amp;quot;Tiny Brains&amp;quot; must combine their unique physics-based powers to navigate through a trick-ridden maze.","The most realistic hunting experience awaits. Explore 11 reserves and hunt 39 unique species, ranging from waterfowl to big game. Over 80 weapons from state-of-the art rifles to bows. Customize your load-out with stands, blinds and dogs. Play alone or in multiplayer with up to 7 friends.",Shoot! Dodge! and... Get Hit!? &amp;quot;Ikaruga&amp;quot; is a vertical shoot 'em up that features an unique polarity-switching gameplay. Switch the ship's polarity and &amp;quot;get hit and absorb&amp;quot; enemy bullets! Achieve High Score with the chain bonus!,"Catch the bus and let it take you to a detailed, virtual world.Are you ready to explore a picturesque German city behind the wheel of a realistically modeled, freely accessible bus? Then take a look at “Bus Simulator 2012” by the well-known developer studio TML!Every technical detail of the original bus has been reproduced true-to-live.",rymdkapsel is a game where you take command of a space station and its minions. You will have to plan your expansion and manage your resources to explore the galaxy.,"Shantae embarks on her first full HD adventure! When a mysterious crime wave sweeps Sequin Land, it’s up to Half-Genie Hero Shantae to save the day! Use Shantae’s devastating Hair-Whip Attack to send monsters flying, or Belly Dance to transform her into more powerful forms!","The year is 2140. After numerous wars and several environmental disasters, only two world powers remain; the United Civilized States (»UCS«), covering the American continent, Western Europe and North Africa, and the Eurasian Dynasty (»ED«) covering the coherent landmasses of Eastern Europe and Asia.","Your heroes and your armies will need strong leadership to take them on a spellbinding odyssey that has everything a gamer’s heart could wish for breathtaking worlds in space, battles against cunning enemies and even downright treason from your own government faction - are you up to it?","KNIGHTS and MERCHANTS recreates the era of the Middle Ages. Apart from the purely fictitious geography of our world, all game elements and scenes are based on the Anglo-Saxon period, 1200 A.D. And we haven't used imaginary elements like fabled creatures, either. The player takes on the role of an ordinary captain in the Palace Guard.","November 2008. NATO intelligence services report that, for reasons unknown, the Russian military has destroyed GORKY 17, one of the old Soviet &amp;quot;Secret Cities&amp;quot;. A year later NATO takes over a former Russian secret base built on Polish soil. Diggers discover a laboratory complex in the completely demolished town.","At the very heart of Septerra lies the Core, a huge Biocomputer. Seven continents at different elevations, each with its own unique people and culture, orbit around the Core.According to an ancient prophecy, Septerra's continents will one day converge and join in orbit together on one level - this is the Legacy of Marduk, the Creator's...","1933 will go down in the history books as the year America passed the 21st Amendment to the Constitution. Prohibition is over. To the delight of millions, alcohol can now flow freely across the thirsty land. Two days before the official announcement, bars and clubs across the land are stocking up on quality whiskey.","Experience incredibly atmospheric and intense medieval combat action! Go ahead and enter a new world, the award-winning world of ENCLAVE!The people of Light and Darkness are divided by a bottomless rift that split the earth many millennia ago.","Do you like Real Time Strategy? or are Role Playing Games your preference…Why not try both genres in one? … or even both separately? …In one game: KnightShift!In a mystical world beyond fantasy and imagination, where corruption and disaster go hand in hand, not all is as it seems.","Actual Armies. Actual Weapons. Actual Political Issues.World War III - Black Gold takes the player to the near future. The political crisis has been going on for months, leading to worldwide turmoil. A secret conference of the UN Central Geological Commission reveals that worldwide oil reserves have reached dangerously low levels: Oil...","WORLD WAR II: PANZER CLAWS [aka Frontline Attack: War over Europe] pushes back the boundaries of real-time strategy gaming!Take control of the Allied, German, or the Russian in the harsh reality of the battlefields of World War II.","The original FortressCraft was one of the best-selling Indie games of all time. A unique blend of Voxel Landscapes, Tower Defense, Crafting, Logistics, Exploration, Combat and Assembly Lines.","March of the Eagles: British Unit PackBring new variety to your battlefield with 16 new unit models for British armies in March of the Eagles. Included in this DLC are the famous Highlander brigades and the King's German Legion, as well as unique unit models for British Dragoons, Guards brigades, Light Infantry brigades, Guard Cavalry...","March of the Eagles: French Unit PackBring new variety to your battlefield with 16 new unit models for French armies in March of the Eagles. Included in this DLC are the French Line Infantry brigades, the Brigade Tirailleurs Corse, the Cuirassiers Brigades, the Cavalerie Chasseurs and many more.",Pilot drones into derelict spaceships to find the means to survive and piece together how the universe became a giant graveyard.,"We left the surface of the Earth in ruins, abandoned it and populated the oceans. The sea is now our new home. We call it Aqua. Pilot customized fighter ships and explore a deep sea dystopia torn by the struggle for resources and survival. Enter the unforgiving world of Aquanox Deep Descent.","Play POOL NATION and become mesmerised by our balls, entranced by our decals &amp;amp; unashamedly attached to our cues, so join us please, &amp;amp; just have fun playing pool!! WARNING: contains addictive content!! Pool Nation, with WORKSHOP integration AVAILABLE NOW in our Crazy Mode the Box Of Tricks (Out Now)!","For some time now, Leafmore High School has been the setting for unexplained disappearances. In this survival horror game, you take control of a group of 5 American students. With your friends, you try to unravel the mysterious happenings at this unremarkable-looking school. The night will be long and survival not will not be easy...","Two years ago, a group of young teenagers found themselves trapped inside their school. They suffered through the longest night of their lives, chased by abominable creatures created by their principal. Some of them survived that terrible night, while others perished.","Theme Park Studio is a powerful suite of tools that allows players to design, build, and experience stunning amusement parks of their own design. Players can build whatever they can imagine, and then share it online for others to experience. Theme Park Studio includes Steam Workshop integration.","The year is 2419. War has devastated Earth, and mega-corporations take to the stars to fight over colonised planets. Your employer, the Crayven Corporation, chose you to command an army of ground and air forces. You thought it would be just another brush-fire war. You were wrong.","It’s 2741 and the universe is at war. The Terran Empire is laying siege to the NSA, a treaty of colonies that upholds freedom and democracy. After losing the battle in space, the NSA is forced to retreat to its last stronghold. Can you snatch victory from impending doom?","When it comes to medieval real-time strategy, Lords of the Realm III flies the flag high. Whether it's maneuvering troops on the battlefield, negotiating trade and alliances, or overseeing armies across the lands, RTS fans will find plenty here to enjoy.","Explore. Strategize. Conquer.In the far future, Mankind has nearly exhausted all of earth’s natural resources. Fragile alliances between nations are tested to their limits as fierce wars ignite across land and space.MoonBase Commander puts you in charge of your own lunar territory in a quest to build the most powerful empire in space.",The year is 1268 and the English throne lies empty. Fight for the right to be King in this classic blend of turn-based and real-time strategy.,"Silent Storm from leading Russian developer Nival is a true 3D tactical turn-based Role-Playing-Game set against the backdrop of WWII. As the conflict rages on the frontlines, you’ll be leading a small multinational squad behind enemy lines to gather information and wreak havoc on your enemies while trying to thwart a mysterious new...","The sun and the mist...You have reached the town, the first real town-and which town. Here your true voyage will start-here your road to the bay of sapphire will truly begin. There are so many things to prepare, so many things to accomplish before you can leave the mist. Doors are open, so close to the rumbling water.","It’s all about the teams, the rivals and the race as you become driver for hire, specialising in your favourite disciplines or conquering them all in an intense world of professional motorsport.","The Legend of Dungeon Original Soundtrack, which the music in the game is generated from.","The Beginner's Pack is designed for new players. Get a head start in developing your Castle, establishing an army, and even get an adorable Dog to follow you into battle.Includes:Special Building which grants daily resources, increases your new heroes starting level and a cosmetic pet that follows you into battle (Dog's House)!","The Advanced Pack is specifically designed for those who want to get a reasonable buff for the best price! Get a head start in developing your Castle, establishing an army, and even get an adorable Cat to follow you into battle.","Written by best-selling author Vadim Panov, Primachine tells the story of Invariat and his brilliant and mysterious new invention – the Primachine. A world once torn apart by magic will find its uneasy peace shattered again... To have Prime was to have power and authority.",Take on the role of manager and lead one of the pro cycling circuit's 75 teams. Join an outstanding 2014 season with more than 200 competitions across 550 stages including the prestigious Tour de France.,"1954: Alcatraz – The cash is out there. But who will get it?Joe's doing 40 years on Alcatraz for a heist on an armored truck. The loot is still hidden out there, but only Joe knows where it is. In the streets of San Francisco, Joe's ex-accomplices and his wife are eager to find the stolen money. Who will get their hands on the dough?","Nuclear war, post apocalypse, barren and lifeless wastelands.Lifeless? Not so much!Mutated insects have made their home in a bomb shelter and they're set on exploring the world.Let this point&amp;amp;click adventure welcome you to a hilariously bizarre end time world and join the roaches Jim and Bud on their journey to the surface.",The award-winning debut adventure game from the creators of Deponia and The Whispered World now on Steam. Accompany young Edna and her talking stuffed bunny Harvey on a whacky attempt to escape from her padded cell. Experience a bizarre journey all across the insane asylum and far beyond its brick walls.,"Escape Goat 2 is a puzzle platformer game where you use machinery, the environment, and a friendly mouse to progress through a dungeon.","From indie pioneers Zen Studios (makers of Pinball FX2 and CastleStorm) comes KickBeat, an innovative rhythm game with a Kung Fu theme, featuring fully 3D characters and high-energy music! You can use your own music to create custom KickBeat tracks, allowing you ultimate replayability!","Max: The Curse of Brotherhood is a cinematic adventure filled with action-packed platforming and creative puzzle-solving. Armed with only a Magic Marker, Max must confront evil at every turn in a hostile and fantastical world in order to save his kid brother, Felix. Join Max on his great adventure!","&amp;quot;Hunt bigger game on a bold new adventure with Magic 2015—Duels of the Planeswalkers! Hone your skills as you battle your way across the planes of the Multiverse. Beware though, Planeswalker. Your biggest danger is one of your own ... Garruk Wildspeaker, the greatest hunter known, is now hunting you!","Entropy is an open-universe science fiction MMO with a strong focus on freeform gameplay and large-scale space combat. Explore a hostile galaxy filled with over a hundred solar systems, each completely explorable, where you can hunt, trade, mine and salvage in order to survive.",Download the Spa-Francorchamps Track Pack to receive four routes to race at the legendary Spa-Francorchamps circuit plus two incredible endurance cars - the Aston Martin V12 Zagato (N24) and BMW Z4 GT3.,"Download the Bathurst Track Pack to receive two routes to race at Australia's famous Mount Panorama, Motor Racing Circuit Bathurst. You’ll also receive two cars packing raw power under the hood - the Nissan Skyline GT-R Group A (R32) and Ford Sierra RS500 - and the stunning Ford Racing Ute.","Download the Classic GRID Pack and receive two legendary cars that made their mark in the original GRID updated to race in GRID 2. Includes the Koenigsegg CCGT and the Pagani Zonda Revolución, the 2013 version of GRID’s Pagani Zonda R.",Cities: Skylines is a modern take on the classic city simulation. The game introduces new game play elements to realize the thrill and hardships of creating and maintaining a real city whilst expanding on some well-established tropes of the city building experience.,Ms. PAC-MAN by Namco is one of the most popular video games in the arcade history! Who can forget the countless hours and quarters spent outrunning ghosts and chomping dots? Re-live the retro action with the queen of the arcades!,,"In PixelJunk™ Shooter, you must pilot your spacecraft through a range of cavernous environments in a bid to save the scientists trapped underground. Making your way through the game will rely on your keen sense of observation and the ability to manipulate your surroundings.","The ever-expanding conflicts within and between the TEC, Vasari, and Advent have pushed the battlegrounds into uncharted space. The sectors now being drawn into the war feature the most dangerous and powerful natural phenomena in the galaxy. Exploit what resources remain in these dangerous sectors while you can.","Henry Stauf's mansion has been abandoned for as long as anyone dare remember. Stauf was a master toy maker, a maker of amazing puzzles and this strange house was his greatest creation. Now the mansion stands empty, rotting ever since the children started dying, ever since the six guests came.","IN THE 70 DESOLATE YEARS since the horrifying murders chronicled in The 7th Guest, the town of Harley has been ominously silent.Only when journalist Robin Morales vanishes while investigating the rotting abandoned mansion of the legendary toy maker Henry Stauf, do events resurrect a malignant past.","Enter a world of perilous puzzles and bizarre perspectives--as a cockroach. What you discover may shock you. What you don't may kill you. Either way, you won't come out the same person. You may not even come out a person at all.",Continue the adventure beneath Castle Aldrheim and discover the fate that has befallen the buried city of Old Aldrheim and its inhabitants.Magicka Dungeons &amp;amp; Gargoyles is a new expansion to Magicka that continues the tale where Dungeons &amp;amp; Daemons left off.,"Jagged Alliance Flashback brings back the true spirit of this legendary series: Turn-based tactics meets crazy mercenary personalities and intense battles. Manage your squad of unique mercenaries, secure your income and take back the island - sector by sector, turn by turn.","Shadows is the next chapter in the Heretic Kingdoms saga. Experience an epic adventure with challenging gameplay, a gripping storyline and enchanting graphics. Take on the role of the Devourer, a demon that swallows the souls of the dead and then brings them back into the mortal realm as his puppets...",Create your own theme park just the way you want it. Let your imagination run wild!Attract visitors to your park with all kinds of different and unusual attractions. Your revenue and the reactions of your visitors help you to expand your park and make it even more attractive.,"Take control of five tons of metal and power, and floor it until you reach the finish line!Drive fully destructible trucks in Championship, Time Attack, Elimination and Quick Race. Get rid of opponents trying to block your way and make a reputation for yourself!","Play as the Decay! Highborn Chapter 3: &amp;quot;The Audacity&amp;quot; is now available. The Decay start off Chapter 3 in quite the predicament, with their leader, Arch-Lich Floyd, trapped in the deepest, darkest dungeon. Time for you to take control of the Decay to fight against the Highborn and figure a way out of this pickle!","ENEMY FRONT is the first truly modern WW2 FPS, featuring stunning visuals, open-ended levels and a richly interactive combat experience that breaks out of the standard model of highly linear scripted FPS experiences, giving the player full freedom to own their playing style.",Get a jump on the competition with this Premium Pack for Continent of the Ninth Seal!Starter Pack includes:Temperian Uniform Gear Set &amp;amp; Soul: Prelude to the Storm [30days]Premium Service[7 days]5 Training Experience Boosts (each boost last 1 hour)Inventory Expansion Scroll (1 scroll expands 6 inventory slots)Town Travel + Lv.,"As leader of the newly formed 4th Echelon, Sam Fisher must hunt down merciless terrorists before The Blacklist countdown reaches zero. The Splinter Cell Blacklist DLC 2 contains all the essential items for fans to become Sam Fisher and stop the escalating Blacklist attacks.",~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~My name is Jack. I do not know my real surname. Tween is the one which i was given. Probably not by my parents. It is said that everyone has his own story to tell. But this is just a half true.,"Aurora, a young girl from 1895 Austria, awakens on the lost fairytale continent of Lemuria. To return home she must fight against the dark creatures of the Queen of the Night, who have stolen the sun, the moon and the stars. At stake is not only Lemuria, but Aurora’s true destiny.","Get ready for brick-smashing action with more Super Heroes and Super Villains, plus new vehicles and races. Play as fan favorites Dark Phoenix, Winter Soldier, Symbiote Spider-Man, Hawkeye, Falcon, and Beta Ray Bill.","Wreak havoc as the vengeful Malekith and the villainous Big LEGO Figure, Kurse. Play as the shield-maiden of Asgard, Sif, and Thor's Earthly love interest, Jane Foster. Defend the Universe with Odin and the Warriors Three: Volstagg, Hogun, and Fandral.","Show off your style and win the FIA WORLD RALLY CHAMPIONSHIP 2013 season! Experience the 2013 season with the drivers, cars and courses of the WRC, WRC2, WRC3 and, for the first time, Junior WRC championships.","The only official MXGP videogame: all the riders and bikes from MX1 and MX2! Race on 1:1 scale official championship tracks. Career mode takes you from Debut Season to MX1. The game physics and dual stick control allow for separate control of bike and rider: unprecedented realism, in your hands.","MotoGP™14 is back with a comprehensively overhauled and improved graphics engine. New game modes, all the riders from the 2014 and 2013 seasons and legendary riders from the history of the MotoGP™ give you the chance to live the dream of being a real rider.","Monsters &amp;amp; Munitions is a physics-based Collectible Card Game (CCG) that has you firing devastating shots at your enemies. Shuffle up your deck, pick your artillery, and face off against the maniacal Dr. Frank and his monster army in Monsters &amp;amp; Munitions. Send Dr.",3 exotic planets to explore. Aliens. Robots. Magic. Forbidden technology. Ruined Worlds. Ghosts. Long-lost secrets. Conspiracies. A galactic threat. And one brave heroine to make things right. Cosmic Star Heroine is an exciting new RPG from the creators of Cthulhu Saves the World.,"When things get too hot, Ted rocks his Titanium Marine outfit. This armor has withstood gunfire, acid, solar flares, psionic radiation, power swords, plasma cannons, Zurian butterknives and rabid blowfish during the many battles Ted has fought.","It's time to get wild, baby! Celebrating a Bachelorette, Bar Mitzvah, Birthday, Graduation, or want to spice up your family Christmas dinner? No matter the occasion, you can hire Party Boy McPain for your next event. Anytime... Anywhere... Saddle up! This DLC contains a custom skin for Ted McPain in Awesomenauts.",This DLC contains a custom skin for Skree in Awesomenauts. You need to have Skree available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Skree in Awesomenauts. You need to have Skree available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,Commandeered by the elite Zurian battle team known as the Power Strikers Super Giga Sentorii is only called upon in the most dire of situations. The Giga form is therefore rarely seen on the battlefields.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Sentry X-58 in Awesomenauts. You need to have Sentry X-58 available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,"He's rockin' them cybersonic beats. Next level digital sound. Bringing that techno flow, that future yo! Bringing swagger to the elite mercenary force known as The Killer Koalas! It's Digital G, foo! This DLC contains a custom skin for Froggy G in Awesomenauts.","Tired of the same old Awesomenauts announcer? Then it's time for some corporate restructuring! Enter the Specialized Universal Secretary Interface, SUSI. This corporate interface will boost your success and profitability rate on the battlefield by a 15.6% margin!",*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.The Construction Scenery Pack contains a selection of items that are themed around construction.,*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.This Wagon Pack contains a selection of 6 wagons themed around the ATSF railroad in the United States.,*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.This wagon pack contains a selection of 6 wagons themed around the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR).,This DLC is only available to purchase in the USA.This wagon pack contains a selection of 6 wagons themed around the Burlington Northern (BN) railroad company in the United States. The wagons included are:BN Gondola 65ft CoilsBN Gondola 65ft EmptyBN Gondola 65ft LogsBN Hopper 100t CoalBN Hopper Airslide 2-bay 1BN Hopper Airslide 2-bay...,*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.The Platform Clutter Scenery pack contains a selection of items that are themed around adding extra detail and clutter to platforms.,*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.This pack contains a number of scenic assets that you can add to your own route creations in order to add more detail and variety.,"*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the LNER/BR Class A1 'Tornado' Loco Add-on.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the LNER/BR Class A1 'Tornado' Loco Add-on.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the PRR GG1 Loco Add-on.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the BR Class 31 Loco Add-on.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.Includes BR 16T mineral wagons and BR 21T mineral wagons, each wagon has four weathered varieties apiece and they both have fitted and unfitted varieties.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.Includes BR 24.5T mineral wagons and BR iron ore tipplers, each wagon has four weathered varieties apiece and the iron or tippler has both fitted and unfitted...","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.Includes BR 12T Standard vans with both Plywood and planked construction, there is also a BR 12T banana van, each van has four weathered varieties apiece.","This DLC is only available to purchase in the USA.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the Great Northern F7 ‘Empire Builder’ Loco Add-on. If you check in the in-game store it will verify if you own it before you purchase.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the BR Class 31 Loco Add-on.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the BR Class 31 Loco Add-on.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the Thompson Class B1 Loco Add-on.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the East Coast Main Line London-Peterborough Loco Add-on.","This DLC is only available to purchase in the USA.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the BNSF ES44DC Loco Add-On Loco Add-on. If you check in the in-game store it will verify if you own it before you purchase.","This DLC is only available to purchase in the USA.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the SD70 V2 Volume 2 Loco Add-on. If you check in the in-game store it will verify if you own it before you purchase.","The Guacamelee Original Soundtrack featuring music by Rom Di Prisco and Peter Chapman. 30 remastered high-resolution tracks, over 1 hour of music (MP3 320kbps) - PLUS 4 bonus remixes not heard in the game.",Project Nimbus is a high speed mech action game set in a post apocalyptic world. Players control 'BattleFrames' - humanoid battles suits armed with an arsenal of weapons.,"Crashed and alone on a world mankind tried to leave behind, Darkout challenges players to survive on Illuna, in harsh, procedurally generated biomes, utilizing the game’s sandbox features to build shelters, craft weapons, and research new technologies.You are not alone.","You are a robot in an office building. You have to eat furniture and not get caught. A mysterious story unfolds.Not The Robots is this year’s most exciting Roguelike Stealth Furniture Eating Simulator. It’s a game with random levels, permadeath, and the goal of eating furniture - which is also your stealth cover.","In this demo, you will be introduced to the outset of the Aarklash: Legacy scenario and given access to the first levels. It will give you a solid idea of what to expect from the game, get familiar with its mechanics and discover its combat system, acclaimed by players of the game.","Rebuild a ruined city in this post-apocalyptic mix of strategy and simulation. Manage survivors, scavenge for food and supplies, deal with rival gangs, illness, interpersonal strife and zombie attacks.","Bigfoot, the Abominable Snowman, the Loch Ness Monster - cryptozoologists are trying to track these creatures down and research them. One also appears in the legends of the Ashanti people in Ghana. These tell of human-like creatures that lurk in the trees at night and take their victims off to their caves to suck their blood: the...",The Orb of Storms has been stolen and Rif is accused. You have only days to help Rif get to the bottom of the mystery of the missing Orb.,Official soundtrack to Hate Plus by Isaac Schankler. Includes the theme song &amp;quot;It's Not Ero!&amp;quot; featuring Senah Kim.1. It's Not Ero! (feat. Senah Kim) 03:422. Title 00:583. Dream 01:414. Resolve 01:265. People 02:046. Stage 01:357. Council 01:488. Science 03:229. After 01:4810. Vision 01:4911. Resign 02:0112. Ritual 01:4513.,"The famous Beatbuddy: Tale of the Guardians Soundtrack now finally on STEAM! Featuring 13 songs with exclusive music from Grammy Nominee Austin Wintory (Journey), Parov Stelar, Sabrepulse (Chime), Ari Pulkkinen (Trine Series) and many more.","The Dead World introduces the Empire of the Dead, a new faction that allows players to lead the dead to grim victory or design their own undead armies. Instead of relying on food like mortals, undead empires spread cemeteries, mausoleums, and the bodies of slain enemies to grow their population.","Can you resist the evil within you, forge a legend of heroic proportions, and ultimately destroy the dark essence that haunts your dreams? Or will you embrace your monstrous nature, carve a swath of destruction across the realms, and ascend to godhood as the new Lord of Murder?",Unlock the ultimate fellowship with the one pre-order pack to rule them all! Choose your class and pick your perk with four exclusive Stick of Truth...,Super Samurai Spaceman,"Fuse is a standalone 3D character creator that enables you to make unique characters to use in your game. Fuse comes with 70+ body parts, 150+ clothing meshes, 42 dynamic texturing substances, Unlimited free Auto-Rigs and Animations through the Mixamo service (activated Adobe ID required). *What is an Auto-Rig?","The Talos Principle is a first-person puzzle game in the tradition of philosophical science fiction. Made by Croteam and written by Tom Jubert (FTL, The Swapper) and Jonas Kyratzes (The Sea Will Claim Everything).","LogoMaker lets you create a professional quality logo, advertisement or website header in minutes. No previous experience is necessary, as LogoMaker puts powerful design tools at your fingertips. Easy to use features include over 3,300 fully modifiable logo templates, 10,000+ customizable objects, and creative tools and special effects.",Protect the universe from the evil Alien robots terror-bent on eliminating the Earth and all of Humanity! Take control of the ship and blast the hell out of anything that moves and if it doesn’t move – blast it anyway to be sure. Collect coins to get points and use those points to get power-ups.,"Organize your apps on screen and create a different layout for each activity! NEW: now with borderless windows! With Mosaico you can easily create app layout snapshots and quickly switch between them, saving you a lot of time and improving your productivity. It’s like a virtual desktop, but more flexible and more powerful.","Elder Sign: Omens is a digital version of the popular board game by Fantasy Flight Games. Build a team of unique investigators and fight to keep an all-powerful Ancient One from invading our world! Explore museums, oceans, deserts and more for the arcane Elder Signs that will help seal the Ancient One away.","J.U.L.I.A.: Among the Stars is an innovative narrative driven adventure game. The story centers on Rachel Manners, a 35 year old astrobiologist. She is a member of an elite group of scientists, chosen to embark on one of the most critical missions ever conceived on Earth. Now Rachel is alone, orbiting an unknown planet.",Max Gentlemen is an arcade-style extreme manners simulator about stacking hats.,"Infinity Wars is a genuine free-to-play trading card game. Play with fully animated cards in 3D battlefields, and assemble decks from over 800 cards and 8 stylized factions. Explore the strategic depth of simultaneous gameplay and compete in a number of PvP game modes and an extensive PvE campaign.","Now with Level Editor!Bloody Trapland is a fast-paced multiplayer platformer where the levels are filled with dozens of dangerous traps and tricky jumps that stand in your way!Play co-op with your friends or take on the challenges on your own. With support for up to 4 players at once, local and/or online.100+ levels.1-4 Players.","Greetings Officer-Cadet o249,Are you ready to be put to the test? If deemed worthy, you will be assigned as an officer in the shadowy halls of Facility 7C. You will remotely lead a squad of operatives on daring espionage missions to plant evidence, steal secrets, assassinate targets, and perform sabotage for the glory of the Dark Father.","Rev up your rocket-powered hydro jet and put your racing skills to the test. Riptide GP™2 features dynamic racing on fully interactive water surfaces, a deep career mode with tons of upgrades, customizable riders and skills, online and local multiplayer, and fully integrated controller support.","Dragged by her parents, a young and rebellious teenage girl – Violett, moves to an old spooky house in the middle of nowhere. Forced away from her friends and life in the city; she imagines how boring life in countryside will be: spending day after day, bored in her room with absolutely nothing to do.","Explore a beautiful, vast and ruined world riddled with dangers and lost technologies.","Eschalon: Book III brings the trilogy to a climactic end as you seek to uncover the mystery of your past, the secrets of the Crux stones, and who the Orakur really are. You’ll traverse miles of virtual wilderness and dungeons, filled with secrets and danger, in an unparalleled role-playing experience designed to feel like a true...","The Polybius video game expansion pack is a free set for Z3TA+ 2, inspired by all your favorite old-school video game titles. Includes video game themes, game over themes, boss themes, attack effects, blaster effects, and even some timeless sounds you are sure to recognize.","Race To Mars is a turn-based, space company simulation game. Become the head of the newly established “New Space” company whose goal would be to establish a colony on Mars. You begin as a startup - develop cutting edge aerospace technologies and use them to achieve orbit and fly beyond Earth vicinity, blazing the trail of a space pioneer...","Oozi: Earth Adventure is a classic 2D platformer with old school gameplay - no puzzles, no punishment, just 100% pure classic platforming fun! Its most prominent features are HD visuals and beautiful hand-drawn art, but despite its visual style, it’s a good fit for all kinds of gamers.","Ring Runner combines the fast-paced action of space combat with the rich story and skill variety of an RPG.Trek across the universe in a 30 hour long story-driven campaign based on a companion Sci Fi novel, or challenge 6 scenarios alone, cooperatively, or competitively through local or online multiplayer.","Earthlock is an indie developed, adventure RPG inspired by the classic 3D RPGs of the late 90's, with a fresh take on turn based combat and character progression.",Survivor Squad is a Strategy Action game where you control a Squad of up to four survivors and guide them through a highly randomized world looking for supplies to aid you on your journey.,"Never reach the bottom of the pit that is Probability 0. The game is different every time you die: the enemies you fight, the landscape you climb down, and the body you inhabit (if you so choose). Never survive. But find your way deeper than you did last time.","99 Spirits is an RPG/Puzzle game that revolves around the popular Japanese folklore of Tsukumogami, everyday objects coming alive on their 100th birthday.","Talisman Prologue is an adaptation of the classic fantasy board game Talisman by Games Workshop. This version focuses on single player experience. An epic tale of dice rolling and card drawing takes you on a quest throughout the land to rescue Princesses, slay Dragons and recover lost artefacts.","Combine your vampiric skills with the sharp edge of your blade in this medieval vampire hack‘n‘slay. Battle through hordes of monsters to restore your honor after you, a legendary and feared vampire hunter, have been turned into a vampire yourself!","Tank Operations: European Campaign is a turn-based, tactical wargame featuring a dozen nail-biting historical scenarios set on the diverse battlefields of World War II. With more than 50 faithfully-rendered, authentic military combat units, along with sabotage options and the need to manage your supply chain, the game will keep armchair...","Total War™: ROME II – Nomadic Tribes Culture Pack About the DLC:The Nomadic Tribes Culture Pack adds a new playable culture comprising three new playable Factions to Total War: ROME II, for use in Single or Multiplayer Campaign modes and Custom and Multiplayer battles.",Play &amp;quot;Today&amp;quot; by The Smashing Pumpkins on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Bullet with Butterfly Wings&amp;quot; by The Smashing Pumpkins on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;1979&amp;quot; by The Smashing Pumpkins on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Tonight, Tonight&amp;quot; by The Smashing Pumpkins on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.",Play &amp;quot;Disarm&amp;quot; by The Smashing Pumpkins on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Today&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Bullet with Butterfly Wings&amp;quot;, “1979”, “Tonight, Tonight” and &amp;quot;Disarm&amp;quot; by The Smashing Pumpkins on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.",Play &amp;quot;Fear of the Dark&amp;quot; by Iron Maiden on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Run to the Hills&amp;quot; by Iron Maiden on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Aces High&amp;quot; by Iron Maiden on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;The Number of the Beast&amp;quot; by Iron Maiden on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;2 Minutes to Midnight&amp;quot; by Iron Maiden on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Fear of the Dark&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Run to the Hills&amp;quot;, “Aces High”, “The Number of the Beast” and &amp;quot;2 Minutes to Midnight&amp;quot; by Iron Maiden on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Battle Without Honor or Humanity&amp;quot; by Hotei on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Bambina&amp;quot; by Hotei on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Thrill&amp;quot; by Hotei on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Battle Without Honor or Humanity&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Bambina&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Thrill&amp;quot; by Hotei on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Man in the Box&amp;quot; by Alice in Chains on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Would?&amp;quot; by Alice in Chains on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Hollow&amp;quot; by Alice in Chains on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Them Bones&amp;quot; by Alice in Chains on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Check My Brain&amp;quot; by Alice in Chains on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Man in the Box&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Would?&amp;quot;, “Hollow”, “Them Bones” and &amp;quot;Check My Brain&amp;quot; by Alice in Chains on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Oh Love&amp;quot; by Green Day on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Basket Case&amp;quot; by Green Day on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;American Idiot&amp;quot; by Green Day on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Oh Love&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Basket Case&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;American Idiot&amp;quot; by Green Day on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.","Play &amp;quot;Easy Come, Easy Go!&amp;quot; by B’z on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.",Play &amp;quot;Juice&amp;quot; by B’z on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Giri Giri chop&amp;quot; by B’z on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Easy Come, Easy Go!&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Juice&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Giri Giri chop&amp;quot; by B’z on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Baba O’Riley&amp;quot; by The Who on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Behind Blue Eyes&amp;quot; by The Who on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Who Are You&amp;quot; by The Who on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Pinball Wizard&amp;quot; by The Who on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;The Seeker&amp;quot; by The Who on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Baba O’Riley&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Behind Blue Eyes&amp;quot;, “Pinball Wizard”, “The Seeker” and &amp;quot;Who Are You&amp;quot; by The Who on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Creep&amp;quot; by Radiohead on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Just&amp;quot; by Radiohead on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Optimistic&amp;quot; by Radiohead on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Karma Police&amp;quot; by Radiohead on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;My Iron Lung&amp;quot; by Radiohead on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Creep&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Just&amp;quot;, “Karma Police”, “My Iron Lung” and &amp;quot;Optimistic&amp;quot; by Radiohead on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;NO SCARED&amp;quot; by ONE OK ROCK on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Liar&amp;quot; by ONE OK ROCK on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Yasashiku Naritai&amp;quot; by Kazuyoshi Saito on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Down with the Sickness&amp;quot; by Disturbed on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Asylum&amp;quot; by Disturbed on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Voices&amp;quot; by Disturbed on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Asylum&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Down with the Sickness&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Voices&amp;quot; by Disturbed on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Hysteria&amp;quot; by Muse on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Time is Running Out&amp;quot; by Muse on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Supermassive Black Hole&amp;quot; by Muse on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Stockholm Syndrome&amp;quot; by Muse on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Muscle Museum&amp;quot; by Muse on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Hysteria&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Time is Running Out&amp;quot;, “Stockholm Syndrome”, “Muscle Museum” and &amp;quot;Supermassive Black Hole&amp;quot; by Muse on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Memeshikute&amp;quot; by Golden Bomber on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Earphone&amp;quot; by Golden Bomber on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Death Mental&amp;quot; by Golden Bomber on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Earphone&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Memeshikute&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Death Mental&amp;quot; by Golden Bomber on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;The Pretender&amp;quot; by Foo Fighters on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Monkey Wrench&amp;quot; by Foo Fighters on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Rope&amp;quot; by Foo Fighters on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot; Learn to Fly &amp;quot; by Foo Fighters on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot; Long Road to Ruin &amp;quot; by Foo Fighters on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;The Pretender&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Monkey Wrench&amp;quot;, “Rope”, “Learn to Fly” and &amp;quot;Long Road to Ruin&amp;quot; by Foo Fighters on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Island in the Sun&amp;quot; by Weezer on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;My Name is Jonas&amp;quot; by Weezer on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Buddy Holly&amp;quot; by Weezer on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Undone - The Sweater Song&amp;quot; by Weezer on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Hash Pipe&amp;quot; by Weezer on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Island in the Sun&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Hash Pipe&amp;quot;, “Buddy Holly”, “Undone - The Sweater Song” and &amp;quot;My Name is Jonas&amp;quot; by Weezer on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Wonderwall&amp;quot; by Oasis on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Champagne Supernova&amp;quot; by Oasis on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Supersonic&amp;quot; by Oasis on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Live Forever&amp;quot; by Oasis on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Some Might Say&amp;quot; by Oasis on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Wonderwall&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Champagne Supernova&amp;quot;, “Live Forever”, “Some Might Say” and &amp;quot;Supersonic&amp;quot; by Oasis on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.","This prequel DLC, whose events happen prior to &amp;quot;Stalingrad Campaign&amp;quot;, completes the Eastern Front story as told by &amp;quot;Unity of Command&amp;quot;. Take control of the Wehrmacht and its allies in Operation Barbarossa, from the dramatic early victories all the way to ignominious defeat at the gates of Moscow.",Customize your truck with a choice of six dark and scary paint jobs! Halloween is a great time to be different and make your truck stand out against the usual serious business look of vehicles found on the roads today. But these spine-chilling paint schemes are in fact perfectly good for use all year round - if you are into it!,"Tracklist1 - Switch on, Psychobot (03:52)2 - A Bot and His Block (02:24)3 - Free-floating (03:35)4 - Watabot (04:48)5 - Infiltration (02:40)6 - This is a pipe (02:50)7 - Puddinbot (02:38)8 - Licence to Kill (02:43)9 - Glue Manchu (03:02)10 - Big Mama (02:37)11 - Lumibot (02:45)12 - Hertz of glass (02:40)13 - Tobohcysp (03:00)14 - Powerbot",The Oviraptor Premium skin pack includes 2 variants for the Raptor dinosaur class. “Blue-Jewelled” Oviraptor STEALTH DINOSAURS! Sometimes what you think is a good idea in your head turns out to be a pretty stupid idea when you actually put it into practice.,"Tupandactylus Premium Pack includes 2 variants for the Pteranodon Dinosaur Class. “Crimson Crested” Tupandactylus The Tupandactylus, or more commonly referred to as “Tupa” as nobody outside of the science labs could pronounce it correctly, was never actually intended to be cloned at all.",The Cryolophosaurus Premium skin pack includes 2 variants for the Dilophosaurus dinosaur class. “Glacial” Cryolophosaurus When the decision was made to clone the Cryolophosaurus species the “hilariously funny” guys in the lab decided to play a practical joke and make one seemingly designed for colder climates.,Record in 24-bit.Export your tracks to WAVE lossless format.Includes*:OhmBoyz DelayMinimonsta Synth* Included as native Ohm Studio plugins only. These plugins will not work in 3rd party DAW software.,Get the ultimate Ohm Studio version!Includes* Ohm Studio Pro + all these famous Ohm Force plugins: OhmBoyz delay Predatohm disto Hematohm pitch shifterMobilohm phaserMinimonsta SynthOddity SynthQuad Frohmage FilterbankOhmicide distoOhmygod!... thing* Included as native Ohm Studio plugins only.,Get up to 200 Projects in your Ohm Studio account!,The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a first-person story-driven mystery. Purchase this game to get both the original and the Unreal Engine 4 remaster called The Vanishing of Ethan Carter Redux.,"This DLC contains a fireproof suit that prevents fire damage on Abby and grants the ability to craft incendiary ammunition.On a tropical island night, all you need is some fireworks to bring a smile to your face, right? Well, now you can light ‘em up all on your own.","This DLC contains a fireproof suit that prevents fire damage on Kenji and grants the ability to craft incendiary ammunition.On a tropical island night, all you need is some fireworks to bring a smile to your face, right? Well, now you can light ‘em up all on your own.","This DLC contains a fireproof suit that prevents fire damage on Jack and grants the ability to craft incendiary ammunition.On a tropical island night, all you need is some fireworks to bring a smile to your face, right? Well, now you can light ‘em up all on your own.","This DLC contains fireproof suits that prevent fire damage on Abby, Jack and Kenji and grant the ability to craft incendiary ammunition.On a tropical island night, all you need is some fireworks to bring a smile to your face, right? Well, now you can light ‘em up all on your own.","Team up as Finn and Jake in a 3D adventure of epic proportions! The Land of Ooo has been transformed into a giant video game, and BMO has been kidnapped. Brawl your way through the Witch's garden, Ice Kingdom, Fire Kingdom, and even the Land of the Dead itself to rescue BMO and uncover the evil mastermind!","The modern, dual-voltage Class 319 EMU is here for Train Simulator in the familiar First Capital Connect livery as seen on Thameslink services out of London.Typical of EMUs built in the 1980s, the Class 319 was built by BREL York between 1987 and 1990 for north-south cross-London services from Bedford to Brighton, entering...","One of the smallest Standard Class locomotive, the 6MT, comes to Train Simulator in British Railways livery.Ten 6MT Clan Class locomotives were built by British Railways between 1951 and March 1952 at BR’s Crewe Works, although another 15 were planned but never built following BR’s modernisation plan in the early 1950s.","The EMD FL9 was arguably one of the more unique locomotive designs ever conceived, but plied its trade on New York’s commuter lines for more than 40 years.Born from a drive to replace worn out and ageing ALCO DL109 and Boxcab Electric locomotives, New Haven president Patrick McGinnis ordered 60 of EMD’s FL9 locomotives in 1956 to operate...","The sprawling Big Apple and the bustling city of New Haven come together in the exciting new NEC: New York-New Haven route for Train Simulator, featuring many of New York’s famous landmarks and advanced signalling throughout.",One of the most powerful passenger steam locomotives ever to be built for the British railway network – the Coronation Class ‘Duchess of Sutherland’ – comes to Train Simulator in its fantastically preserved BR Brunswick Green livery.,"The new-generation high performance BR 189 comes from the stable of successful Euro Sprinter locomotives built by Siemens, and is now available for Train Simulator.Classified as BR 189 by Deutsche Bahn, the Class is one of only a handful equipped with all four electric systems commonly used in mainland Europe and various light...","Arguably the most useful of first generation diesel multiple units (DMUs), the Class 121 ‘Bubble Car’ comes to Train Simulator in distinctive Network SouthEast livery.The unusual single-car units were manufactured by Pressed Steel Company from 1960 onwards and introduced by British Rail for use mainly on the Western Region and around...","One of the newest electric multiple units for the Northeast Corridor comes to Train Simulator in Metro-North’s familiar bare metal and red livery.Built by Kawasaki at Lincoln, Nebraska for use on the New Haven Line, the M8 first entered service in March 2011 as a replacement to the current fleet of M2, M4 and M6 multiple units.","Widely known as the “Windy City”, Chicago has now been brought to life in Train Simulator, in the famed route The Racetrack Aurora - Chicago. The route begins under the skyscrapers of Chicago at Union Station, making its way through the urban landscape and out into the western suburbs, journeying along past yards, stopping at 24 commuter...","The unusually designed forerunner to more modern diesel and electric multiple units, the GWR Steam Railmotor, has arrived in Train Simulator, offering one of the most unique driving experiences ever.In the early 1900s, the introduction of electric street tramcars and motor buses provided competition to suburban and branch line services.","One of Germany’s oldest railway lines comes to life in the beautiful and picturesque Munich – Garmisch-Partenkirchen route for Train Simulator.Set in the southern part of the German state of Bavaria, the 100km (62 mile) route is mainly single track throughout and runs from the country’s expansive capital city to the mountainous resorts...","Joining two of the north of England’s major cities, the Liverpool to Manchester route for Train Simulator features stunning stations and well known landmarks throughout.The original route between the cities ran between Liverpool Central (High Level) Station and Manchester Central, and was opened in 1873 by the Cheshire Lines Committee.","The beautifully rural Mon Line running through the heart of Pennsylvania springs to life in this new route for Train Simulator, complete with mile-long coal trains and distinctive street running.The original Monongahela Railroad was a joint venture between the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR) and the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad...","The dual mode P32 AC-DM comes to Train Simulator for the NEC: New York-New Haven route in Metro-North livery.The General Electric designed ‘Genesis’ series were built between 1992 and 2001 for Amtrak, Metro-North and Via Rail.","The new generation BR 442 ‘Talent 2’ comes to Train Simulator, perfect for the Munich – Garmisch-Partenkirchen route.Built by Bombardier and introduced in 2009, the successor to the ‘Talent’ was put in to service by Deutsche Bahn to replace older EMU types and loco-hauled trains on both S-Bahn and Regio services.","One of the most well-liked and successful locomotives of the Great Western Railway, the Castle Class, speeds into Train Simulator in gleaming BR Brunswick Green liveries.Originally designed by Charles Collett, Chief Mechanical Engineer for the Great Western Railway, the origins of the Castle Class were in the Star Class of 1907, which...","With a 1,000-mile route system, much of which is electrified with overhead AC catenary, commuter carrier NJ TRANSIT® is one of North America’s primary employers of electric locomotives. Seeking a new fleet of state-of-the art electrics, NJ TRANSIT contracted with Adtranz (now part of Bombardier) in Kassel, Germany to construct 29...","The unique Class 73 remains the only electro-diesel locomotive to be seen on the UK’s rail network, and now comes to Train Simulator in InterCity Gatwick Express livery, complete with the Class 488 and Class 489 to recreate authentic Gatwick Express services.","The mid-sized Class 27 diesel locomotive is now here for Train Simulator in British Rail Green livery.Built for British Rail between 1961 and 1962 by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company, the 69 models in the Class initially saw use around London and in Scotland.","One of the most modern electric multiple units (EMUs) for the London rail network comes to Train Simulator, a perfect accompaniment for the South London Network route.The Class 378 ‘Capitalstar’ was first introduced to service in 2009 to replace ageing classes of EMUs in service around London.","The general purpose GP38-2 road switcher joins the Norfolk Southern stable for Train Simulator.As the successor to the previous GP38, more than 2,000 GP38-2 models were built by General Motors between 1972 and 1986.","One of the first generation of British Rail electric multiple units comes to Train Simulator in eye-catching SPT livery.Based on the well-used Mk1body shell design, 91 units were built by Pressed Steel at Linwood in Paisley between 1959 and 1961, although they were not introduced until 1960 for the electrification of the North Clyde and...","The modern and low-emission BR 266 comes to Train Simulator, ideal for running freight services on Germany’s extensive rail network.Built in Canada by General Motors, the BR 266 is based on the UK’s Class 66 diesel locomotive, externally resembling the UK locomotive in appearance but with a different internal control desk to accommodate...","Become King of the railway with the new N15 King Arthur Class for Train Simulator, recreating the only preserved locomotive in the Class, ‘Sir Lamiel’.The N15 Class was born from a need of the London &amp;amp; South Western Railway for more powerful express passenger locomotives that could cope with increasing train loads on the long and...","The mixed-traffic Class 35 diesel-hydraulic locomotive is now available for Train Simulator in BR green livery.The hydraulic transmission fitted to the Class 35 locomotives gave them their affectionate nickname of ‘Hymeks’ and, at the time they were built, were the most powerful diesel-hydraulic locomotive operating with a single engine.","The ‘ugly duckling’ of Southern steam is now here for Train Simulator, brought to you by Victory Works.World War II halted production of steam locomotives in the UK, but a large increase in goods traffic across the country forced a shortage of suitable motive power for the Southern Railway.","The modern and reliable Class 220 ‘Voyager’ comes to Train Simulator, as seen speeding through the west of England on cross country services.The four-car diesel-electric high speed multiple units were introduced to service in 2001 to replace ageing HST sets and loco-hauled services on cross country routes between Bristol and York.","Dive into blazingly fast combat action with visually stunning skills in a world caught in the wake of ancient dragons and waiting for the ancient Prophet to discover her powers. Immerse in an epic story with classic MMORPG and role-playing elements paired with a unique, console-like third-person perspective.","Are you prepared to survive the Zombie Apocalypse?The dead might be rising, and it's up to your adventurers to stop them in their tracks. But can they prevail against the hordes of mindless, starving zombies?","Raging battles, deserted towns, and haunted memories abound in this zombie-approved pack.Prepare yourself to dine on a grim feast of sickening sounds and malevolent music as you scoop the brains out of composer Joel Steudler's fractured skull. No matter what your favorite flavor of fear is, you'll find something to sink your teeth into.","“The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown.”-H.P. LovecraftH.P. Lovecraft is the founding father of modern horror, and nobody has been able to plumb the raw, emotional, fear-filled depths of the human psyche the way he has.","Explore the mysteries of Japanese Sengoku era, authentic with objects and feudal characters. Enjoy the modern world with cities, schools and offices. Or take a trip to a long-away future, brimming with robots, spaceships and high-tech devices.","This graphic pack finally gives you that old school style reminiscent of games like Pokemon and Earthbound. Tilesets, characters and objects give you everything you need to create a modern game world with that retro flair.Take your game to the modern era with the Old School Modern resource pack.","Set the tone for your present-day RPGs with this versatile pack!The Modern Day Music Mega-Pack from composer Joel Steudler covers contemporary action, ambiance, and emotion with a wide-ranging playlist spanning many genres.","Reggie the Rocker - his dreams of a come-back tour now ruined by the monsters from his own ruined brain, Reggie has taken to using guns on his hallucinations instead of running to rehab. So Reggie is running round the Zed-infested streets with the same fake cigarette hanging out of his mouth, continuously puffing fake nicotine!","Created by the IJC crew from the Killing Floor community, all revenues from this pack are shared with that community team!This is a weapon pack of two halves. We have weapons created by the people, for the people - and you can have a couple of Horzine's latest prototype weapons. Try them all out and you decide which is best!","While we know that everyone does love a bit of bling, this pack is for those of you who want to go camo! But not just ANY camo. O course we have some good, solid mil-grade digi-camo for a couple of weapons, we want to introduce you to our latest invention: blood camo (&amp;quot;splatter&amp;quot; camo to our friends).","Get behind the wheel of one of the most iconic trucks on the road with this highly detailed Scania R-series truck simulation by SCS Software, developers of Euro Truck Simulator 2.Prove your truck skills - Put your driving skills to the ultimate test with 10 individual truck maneuvering challenges that serve as a practical exam as you...",Will You Look Death in the Eye? An unearthly chill creeps through the air. The Wizard stops reading his ancient tome and gazes cautiously over his shoulder. The Warrior feels an unfamiliar fear as he draws his mighty sword. A shadow has fallen across the countryside. Death himself wanders the land.,"A complete set of Runestone cards, which give your Talisman characters extra abilities, for use in online and offline game modes.Important note - These Runestone cards can be unlocked through normal game progression.",First character pack release for Talisman: Digital Edition - The Exorcist.Rid the land of evil Spirits with the Exorcist character! Purchase this character pack to add the Exorcist to your character collection. He is then available to choose in all game modes.,Character pack release for Talisman: Digital Edition - Courtesan.The seductive Courtesan knows how to get what she wants!Purchase this character pack to add the Courtesan to your character collection. She is then available to choose in all game modes.,Character pack release for Talisman: Digital Edition - Devil's Minion. This menacing figure can use Enemy Spirits as weapons and make other characters encounter them when he draws them! Purchase this character pack to add the Devil's Minion to your character collection. He is then available to choose in all game modes.,The fourth character pack release for Talisman: Digital Edition - The Genie.Gain untold power with the Genie character!Purchase this character pack to add the Genie to your character collection. He is then available to choose in all game modes.,The Season Pass for Talisman: Digital Edition includes many expansion packs for the base game.,"Hive - The Pillbug is an expansion piece for the core Hive game. The Pillbug adds a lot of depth and new strategies to traditional Hive. While the Pillbug itself moves slowly just like the Queen (ie. one space at at time), it does have its own special abliity: It is able to pick up its neighboring pieces and move them regardless if they...",Hive - The Ladybug is an expansion piece for the core Hive game. The Ladybug adds some new tactics to traditional Hive. The Ladybug works as kind of a cross between a Spider and a Beetle. They are able to climb up on top of the hive for 2 spaces before they must ascend back down to the main level.,"Hive - The Mosquito is an expansion piece for the core Hive game. The Mosquito adds some new tactics to traditional Hive. The Mosquito has no movement abilities of its own, but is able steal the movement abilities of any insect that it currently touches.",Save 70% off regular prices!Only the best tacticians and the fastest guns can dominate the battlegrounds of Tactical Intervention and the expert tactician knows that you need the right equipment for the job! Get the edge over your opponents with the Full Metal Overcoat pack!,Tractors And Farm Machines Get Your Farm Up And RunningThe PC simulator &amp;quot;Professional Farmer 2014&amp;quot; takes the player to the countryside and gives hobby farmers full control in the comfort of their home.,A typographic odyssey.,"As the newly elected Vice President of the World, it's your job to save the Earth by recruiting friends, family, and the local townsfolk! ...A true politician would never get his own hands dirty, after all!","Since its first demo was released in the Fall of 2012, The Pit has become an indie hit with its blend of Roguelike action and sci-fi depth! Players were challenged to survive 30 floors of The Pit using one of three characters – the Marine, the Engineer, and the Scout – then in The Pit: MindGames players were given two new characters –...","Montague's Mount is disturbing psychological thriller set in the bleakness of an abandoned Irish island, featuring exploration and challenging puzzle solving. This game is part one of a two part story, some questions are left unanswered and open to interpretation.",The classic Gauntlet 4-player co-op action gameplay returns in a completely new experience! Battle the endless hordes of foes as you and your friends fight for treasure and glory via both local and online co-op multiplayer. Invade the Darkness!,Dead Pixels II: Straight to Video is a procedurally generated side scrolling shooter set in a post apocalyptic city in the near future of 1991. Fight your way through the hordes of the undead as you try to find a way out of the city.,"From the creators of Runes of Magic, Dragon's Prophet is a free to play fantasy MMO that transports you to the breathtaking world of Auratia, a realm where dragons fill the sky. For thousands of years, the epic wars between ancient dragons have threatened to plunge Auratia into chaos.","You've survived State of Decay. Now it's time to move forward and tell your own story. Take on an endless campaign with twists and turns based entirely on your own choices. Build up your score in the face of an ever-escalating zombie threat, and compete with survivors around the world.","Lifeline features a new map, new characters, and a new way to play: Defend your base against hordes of zombies, using the best military equipment and personnel your unit can scrape together.",You are a God! You are master and ruler of a loyal nation. You have unimaginable powers at your disposal. You have claimed this world as yours. But there are others who stand in your way. You must defeat and destroy these pretenders. Only then can you ascend to godhood and become the new Pantokrator.,"JC2-MP is a project to bring multiplayer to Just Cause 2 in all of its magnificent glory. Imagine the chaos of normal Just Cause 2, then extending it out to dozens, hundreds, and even thousands of players.","Get the complete Soundodger+ original soundtrack and enjoy the game's music wherever and whenever you like. All 23 tracks are here, including celebrated game musicians Disasterpeace (FEZ, Runner2), Danny Baranowsky (The Binding of Isaac) and more.",This premium sound effect packs comes with tons of great ways to improve your customization in Guncraft.Four different laser gun sound effects to create an epic sci-fi custom gun.Two unique voices for skin crafting.Four spacey ambiance tracks to give your custom map some sci-fi polish.,This premium sound effect packs comes with tons of great ways to improve your customization in Guncraft.A unique melee weapon sound effect to set your custom weapon apart.Four eerie voice packs to create haunted skins with.Three spooky ambiance tracks to scare people with in your custom maps.,"Kickstart your holiday cheer this season with our Guncraft holiday block pack. This set contains 45 festive unique, custom blocks from various winter holidays, ready to be made into maps and prefabs.","For the first time in over 20 years, we are heralding the return of a much loved piece of gaming history with the classic RPG, Wasteland! Mutants. Again. Even more than there were last time: they seem to materialize out of the very grains of the radioactive desert sand. Venomous yellow eyes.","The game that started the popular survival horror genre returns better than ever! Players control Edward Carnby, the main character from the original Alone in the Dark, on a thrilling journey through a dark and terrifying re-creation of New York's Central Park where Carnby must discover the truth behind a dark conspiracy.","From the moment Edward Carnby and Aline Cedrac set foot on Shadow Island, they are confronted by mysterious, evil creatures intent on thwarting their progress to recover 3 ancient tablets believed to hold the secret key to some incredible menacing phenomena. Danger threatens from every corner.",Ready for some more hardcore action in Hacker Evolution Duality? The Hardcore Package 2 DLC for Hacker Evolution Duality brings you 2 new levels designed for gamers who like a challenge that is harder than the original game.,Ready for some hardcore action in Hacker Evolution? The Hardcore Package 1 DLC for Hacker Evolution brings you 2 new levels designed for gamers who like a challenge that is harder than the original game. Ingeniously designed these levels are guaranteed to push your skills to the limit.,Ready for some hardcore action in Hacker Evolution: Untold? The Hardcore Package 1 DLC for Hacker Evolution: Untold brings you 2 new levels designed for gamers who like a challenge that is harder than the original game. Ingeniously designed these levels are guaranteed to push your skills to the limit.,HELI HEROES updates the old-school &amp;quot;shoot'em up&amp;quot; arcade machine games to new dimensions on today's PCs. You command an AH-64 Apache Longbow or a Russian Hokum helicopter. The goal is to fly through various levels and carry out the mission objectives.,"This tiresome bunch of feathered troublemakers is not giving any peace. Stop this hostile destruction from these rampaging roosters in Arcade mode, or fight against the clock in Classic mode in three difficulty levels.","Ballpoint Universe Infinite is a shoot-em-up adventure game featuring artwork entirely drawn in ballpoint pen. Explore immaculate worlds, discover the secrets of the doodles, and customize your Ink-Ship for battle! Press&amp;quot;Ballpoint Universe Infinite is too exuberant to ignore.","Sneak through the shadows, dash to cover, pick your moment and strike! Unleash your inner thief in this strategic stealth adventure.","Zigfrak is a space-based action RPG, featuring missions, exploration, and crafting. With an emphasis on loot and over-the-top items, it's not a traditional space sim. Enemy ships explode like loot piñatas, spewing forth useful pickups.","Drifter is an open-world sandbox space trading game with a procedurally-generated galaxy 100,000 light years across made up of tens of thousands of star systems to explore and features an original soundtrack by composer Danny Baranowsky.","Particulars is a game with a unique combination of arcade-action and puzzle gameplay, set in the mysterious world of subatomic particles.","An artfully designed first-person boxing game with freestyle arcade action in which you punch a turkey in the face.Beast Boxing Turbo is a challenging first-person boxing game with fast-paced freestyle boxing action. You play a secret human boxer in a beastly world. She's outmuscled, undersized, and in way over her head.","After jumping through a wormhole and landing onto this forsaken planet far from home, you are standing in front of a huge interstellar Casino where everyone plays air hockey for a living! Plug your Oculus Rift DK (or not!) and master the finest Shufflepucking techniques!","A malicious orb has cast Savant out of his tower and transformed his surroundings into dangerous enemies!Dodge and shoot your way back up the tower, and blast down waves of enemies as you make your way towards the top! As you progress, you unlock CDs that not only give you new tracks to play to, but also grant you powerful new abilities!",You were living a calm life on your farm with your father. Those times are gone. Flames have turned your house into ashes. Your father is missing. A darkness is falling over the whole country and you are setting off on a dangerous journey. This is going to be the greatest adventure of your life.,"Eden Star is a fast paced Sci-Fi survival game that blends unique physics based combat, destructible environments and free-form construction with the exploration of a hostile alien world.","Put a curse on your Small World!This expansion features winning contest entries from Gustav Åkerfelt, Philip Harding, Jörg Krismann, Travis Lauro, Paolo Mori, Leif Steiestol and Daniel Zielinski.Contains 2 new Race banners and tokens (Kobolds &amp;amp; Goblins) 5 new Special Power badges (Cursed, Hordes of, Marauding, Ransacking &amp;amp;...","Introducing the leading ladies to Small World!This expansion features winning contest entries from Clay Blankenship, Blaise Hanczar, Mike Haverty, Jörg Krismann and Jason Oman.Contains3 new Race banners and tokens (Gypsies, Priestesses &amp;amp; the ghostly White Ladies)2 new Special Power badges (Historian &amp;amp; Peace-loving)When...","Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon 'em.There are many frightening inhabitants of Small World, but to survive you must Be Not Afraid...! This expansion for Small World includes a nasty lot of five new Races including Barbarians, Homunculi, Pixies, Pygmies, and greedy little Leprechauns.","We are currently working on Finding Teddy 2 !!Stay tuned, we are currently sending confidential preview versions to journalistsSpecial Offer : Buy Finding Teddy and get Free OST !In BriefThe revival of Point'n-Click.Graphics completely handmade, realized pixel by pixel.","3079 is a futuristic, open-world action first-person role playing game. All areas, buildings, items, quests and characters are randomly generated. You will find unique lands &amp;amp; challenges. I hope you enjoy it!","The game is a first person Gothic action adventure game set in the medieval kingdom of Uhorsko. You play Dominik, a young alchemist summoned to protect the kingdom from a ravenous beast. Dominik's goals soon change as he discovers he has been bitten, and cursed to become the very thing he has set out to stop.","Combining the best of space combat and real time strategy. Victory can be tactical, a dogfight or capital ship slugging match - depending on how you decide to achieve it. Space combat on a RTS scale with space sim savagery.","Tales of Maj’Eyal is a roguelike RPG, featuring tactical turn-based combat and advanced character building. Play as one of many unique races and classes in the lore-filled world of Eyal, exploring random dungeons, facing challenging battles, and developing characters with your own tailored mix of abilities and powers.","Dead Sky takes place admist the chaos of a mysterious outbreak where you will fight tooth-and-nail through hordes of undead creatures in order to escape the epidemic and survive. At its core, Dead Sky is an action-packed survival shooter that ties in several strategic tower defense elements.","Your choices changes the GENRE of the story!Almost EVERY NPC LIES to you at some point in the game!Live a life of adventure or a normal life! A game with true choices!An interactive story/game where you play the role of Ryou, a seemingly normal high school student in the land of Sorayama.","Would you like to enter a thrilling Pirates world where danger lurks in every corner?You are a museum owner pursuing an undead pirate who kidnapped your daughter. You quickly realize that the villain is entangled in a tragic, centuries-old love story, and wants to resurrect his mistress with the girl’s life force.","Two Brothers is an Action Adventure game that features a classic Gameboy aesthetic. Roy Guarder, inventor, scientist, and philosopher, is on an expedition to discover the origins of life. This quest has brought him to &amp;quot;The Cursed Lands,&amp;quot; a stretch of land so dangerous and shrouded in mystery that it hasn't been explored in over...","Nimble Quest! Lead a conga line of heroes to glory against hordes of enemies across an endless number of stages. How many enemies can you defeat? Steer your unstoppable (seriously, you can’t stop) party as they cut a path of destruction through levels filled with different enemies and power-ups.","Shaun the Sheep's BAFTA-nominated puzzle game is back for a second baa-rilliant adventure! Join Shaun, Timmy and Shirley as they journey through over 60 levels of underground caverns, negotiate the busy streets of London and teleport through outer space all in search of the green, green grass of home.","Wooden Sen'SeY is an action-platformer, set in a unique &amp;quot;Japan Steam Rock&amp;quot; universe filled with humour. You follow Goro, a village chief, as he seeks revenge through a variety of levels. He will defeat his enemies using his axes to slice, dice, squash and grapple!","OMG! Alert! Alert! The City of Redfield has been hit by an outbreak of exploding zombies! For cool and unimportant reasons these suckers literally explode when shot, showering their zombie brethren with gore and causing chain reactions of showering zombie gibs with just a single bullet!",Enjoy being a farmer between 1950 and 1970 in the Agricultural Simulator – Historical Farming. The game takes you to the good old days and you will experience the charming farming of the 60's and 70's. Fans of nostalgia and history will be glad to work with original designed machines and to till a field with well known Old-timer Tractors.,"The legacy of the critically acclaimed Giant games, already continued by the successful &amp;quot;Train Giant“, highlights now the popular theme Agriculture up to a new level in “Farming Giant”, presented by UIG. In the best tradition of the giants-series the player will get a first-class business simulation crafted with a lot of details.","Reintroduce yourself to this classic YDKJ sequel! All the fun of Volume 1, but with completely different questions, host, and smell! YOU DON’T KNOW JACK Volume 2 is the mutant offspring of the original award-winning, irreverent, fast-paced trivia game where you are a contestant on a manic game show.","Fans of Cookie Masterson rejoice! This is his first volume as full-time host – the game that launched a “career,” if you can call it that! The spawning continues as the award-winning YOU DON’T KNOW JACK series pumps out YOU DON’T KNOW JACK Volume 3.","Play the game that many consider to be YDKJ’s most fun offering – The Ride! Already played it? Trust us, you've forgotten everything by now. For the fourth volume of the mega-award-winning CD-ROM trivia game show, the YOU DON’T KNOW JACK crew decided to throw out the YDKJ rule book and start fresh!","YDKJ: Movies is considered the most challenging game in the series – are you up for the challenge? Test your movie knowledge from back when movies were movies, and movie candy didn't have high fructose corn syrup!","Sports nuts, this one’s for you. The classic YDKJ Sports pack is back, featuring sporty host Guy Towers! Think you know everything about football, basketball, baseball, or hockey? How about tennis, volleyball, golf, or lawn darts? Then light up the scoreboard with YOU DON’T KNOW JACK Sports – it’s YDKJ all hopped up on 'roids!","No, this is not a video of the YDKJ TV show that aired on ABC in 2001. It’s the YDKJ PC game with trivia all about TV shows! Fans of host Josh &amp;quot;Schmitty&amp;quot; Schmitstinstein will love this walk down boob-tube memory lane. If you thought all those hours of watching TV were good for nothing, then YOU DON’T KNOW JACK… Television!","Were you a teen in the late 90s? If you didn't play HeadRush back then, now’s the perfect time! Tons of trivia about the teen-y topics of the day await your now-aging brain and fingers! Forget everything you know about a YOU DON’T KNOW JACK game because YDKJ’s horribly deformed, mutant offspring HEADRUSH has been birthed!","Don’t overlook this lost gem! It’s a tasty morsel of trivia that we found under the couch back in the early 2000s, and now we’re pulling it right back out from under that same, dust-mite filled couch! YOU DON’T KNOW JACK, the trivia game that became a TV show that became a massage therapist (briefly) is hoisting her billowy sails once...","From the void, the gods of darkness and light created Agarest, a most perfect and divine world. As the generations passed, paradise sadly fell to the ravages of time. War darkened the skies and Agarest soon became a torturous hell as the gods divided and immense armies clashed, desecrating the once beautiful...","The Last Tinker is a joyous action adventure inspired by classics such as Jak &amp;amp; Daxter and Banjo Kazooie. Koru, a boy from the slums of Colortown, must rise from his roots to tackle the Bleakness, a dark force intent on wiping out joy. Koru must use color and emotion to restore life to Colortown!","Play as Trane, a &amp;quot;toy&amp;quot; graffiti artist with the street smarts, athletic prowess and vision to become an &amp;quot;All City King&amp;quot; - the most reputable of all graffiti artists. Along your quest, uncover the mayor's deep, dark secret and use your fighting talents and high-wire graffiti to expose the city's leader as a corrupt...","Introducing Assassin’s Creed® Liberation HD, the striking chapter of the pre-American Revolution Assassin’s Creed saga which arrives for the first time on HD consoles and PC. With improved gameplay, a deeper story, and HD graphics, Liberation is an immersive and full Assassin’s Creed experience.The year is 1765.","Valiant Hearts : The Great War is the story of 4 crossed destinies and a broken love in a world torn apart. Dive into a 2D animated comic book adventure, mixing exploration, action and puzzles. Lost in the middle of the trenches, play as each of the 4 strangers, relive the War and help a young German soldier find his love.","Blood of the Werewolf (2.0) Become Selena, loving mother, devoted wife and -- powerful werewolf. Take revenge on the monsters that have slain your husband and stolen your child, in this love letter to classic platformers.","Are you ready to party? A chilling night of reckoning is unleashed upon guests bold enough to party on Halloween at an abandoned farm house. A freakish fest filled with menacing mysticism awaits your arrival ... That’s of course, if you’re not too afraid to RSVP.",TIGA award nominated Ninja Cats vs Samurai Dogs combines the addictiveness of a tower defence game with the depth and tactical variety of a Real Time Strategy title. Choose your side in a fast paced and frenetic battle for canine or feline supremacy!Leading an army of Ninja Cats or Samurai Dogs has never felt so compelling!,"They came in peace, but messed with the wrong old man. Armed with a musket, 78 year old Murray Mendelson has single-handedly started an interstellar war. Shoot first and ask questions later in this endless fast paced arcade shooter. Use everything in Murray’s arsenal to keep the aliens off of his perfectly manicured lawn!","The Four Kings Casino &amp;amp; Slots is a rich social online multiplayer casino gaming experience. Play all of your favorite casino games like Poker, Blackjack, Roulette, Craps, Baccarat, Slots and more! Meet friends, climb the leaderboards and win rewards to customize your avatar.",This pack will save you time by revealing all of the collectibles locations on your map. Note that you will still need to travel to these locations and beat the game play in order to get the rewards.,This pack will save you time by revealing all of the activity locations on your map.,"WBM Tycoon is a fresh look in sports strategy games that combines the classic manager game with the financial management and development of a Tycoon type game. As the Club Owner you must generate (or loan) the necessary funds in order to expand the club's facilities, raise the financial level and improve the team's roster.","A charming puzzle platformer starring Filo and his band of misfit clones as they attempt to save a world threatened by an ancient, malevolent evil. Using their combined powers, Filo and his fellow Me must puzzle their way through a land of exotic creatures, devious traps and evil minions.","In this comedy of terrors, the fate of the spirit world is in your hands as you embark on a search for your long-lost sibling!","After a tragic accident, neurobiologist Dr. David Styles has become a recluse, rarely leaving his home, the Dread Hill House. One day, Samantha Everett, a street magician, appears at Dr. Style's doorstep just as he is seeking a new assistant.","Steal weapons. Improvise gadgets. Evade capture. Uncover the conspiracy.The Story:On the run and fighting for your life, you are freelance journalist Matt Carter. Twelve hours after arriving in Moscow for a routine story, you've been stripped of all possessions, beaten unconscious and thrown into the KGB's political prison.","This Myst-style horror-adventure game will bring fear into your heart. From the very beginning you are exposed to an overwhelming but invisible ghost presence – strange calls, footsteps, voices from nowhere. In order to help your brother and survive you will need to solve the mystery of this abandoned, haunted place. And remember!","Three men once manned the lighthouse on Fetch Rock, but they vanished without trace on New Year, 1900. No-one knows what really happened to those three poor souls, and no-one is brave enough to stay in the lighthouse, alone, after dark. Except you...travel to Fetch Rock Island, and discover what really happened...","&amp;quot;Desperados: Wanted Dead or Alive&amp;quot; is the first strategy game ever to combine a movie-based and story-driven atmosphere of an adventure game with the intellectual challenge of a real time tactic game.In this western-style title, discover a game of strategy and tactics played out in exceptional real time.",INTRODUCING THE GAME OF NEIGHBOURHOOD NASTINESS AND COMMUNITY COMMOTION! Living next door to you is a real Neighbour From Hell and it's now time to have your revenge! This compilation includes the original Neighbours From Hell and it's sequel Neighbours from Hell 2: On Vacation.,"Discover the lost treasures of Ukampa in South America as Aban Hawkins searches for his estranged father, world-famous archeaologist, Jim Hawkins. Aban Hawkins races into the frozen tundra of the antarctic, undiscovered temple ruins and the vast caverns of South America in search of his father and the legendary treasure rumored to lie...","MAGNA CARTA DLC for Wargame: AirLand Battle offers 12 new units (one per nation) and new large-scale multiplayer maps. Wargame AirLand Battle therefore has 7 new maps: Gjöll and Ásgard, 2 totally new maps specifically designed for the massive battles with 20 players, and 4 new additional maps for 1 vs 1 up to 3 vs 3 players: Oslo,...","Beyond the Sea is the comprehensive expansion for the acclaimed Renaissance economic simulator Rise of Venice. Beyond the Sea provides players with a whole new challenge by expanding the game world with 13 all new cities to explore and trade with, as well as all new residence missions and challenging new Doge tasks which will see your...","The exclusive, one of a kind, deal of a lifetime, king of the hill soundtrack for the game FORCED. The soundtrack is composed by Fredrik Häthén: a super genius musician who had the god-given super power of being able to put up with our constant demands, changes and impossible deadline.",The Agarest: Generations of War Premium Edition collection contains the following items: 40 page hi-res digital artbook showing scenes and characters from the game 6 hi-resolution official wallpapers The official Agarest Soundtrack: 1 Agarest War Suite 2 Awakening 3 The 1st Generation Theme 4 An Adventure Story 5 Don't Wait For Me 6 Panth,Buy Odesi to produce your own hot tracks.,"Total War™ ROME II: Caesar in GaulCampaign PackDescription:Caesar in Gaul is a standalone campaign pack for Total War: ROME II covering Julius Caesar’s war of expansion against the Gaulish tribes. Players can choose from four playable factions in this conflict: the Gallic Arverni, the Germanic Suebi, the Belgic Nervii and Rome, in a...","IMPORTANT NOTE: This DLC requires Apple QuickTime for decoding AAC files. Unfortunately, Apple stopped supporting security patches for QuickTime on PC. We are looking to create an update that does not use QuickTime, but there is no estimated release date for it.",Welcome to the Hacker Bootcamp. This learning mission will be an opportunity for you to prove yourself as a competent tech hacker and learn the features and gameplay of Hacker Evolution Duality. You will find various files in this level that give excerpts from the Hacker Evolution Duality game manual.,"Get ready for some seriously stylish action from renowned designer SUDA51. In this exclusive version for PC, players will be slicing, dicing, and shooting as the suave executioner Mondo Zappa. Prepare for the thrill of love and kill in KILLER IS DEAD!","Lethal League is a competitive projectile fighting game where you have to hit an anti-gravity ball into the face of your opponent to win. The ball speeds up with every strike, up to explosively extreme velocities. Play intense local matches with friends and foes, challenge yourself in the singleplayer mode or battle it out online.","Starter kit for the online strategy game King's Bounty: Legions, making the first steps in the game universe a lot easier.By the kit and get a discount: King's Aura for 30 days, warrior's set and 100 Crystals.King's Aura yields: +100% gold;+10% leadership;+100% resource drop chance.","3 new characters, 6 new hats and the cannon level.","Cakewalk Mutant R3VOLUTION is a suite of 200 all new sounds for Z3TA+ 2 that equips modern music producers with a sound-designer's suite of ingredients for making techno, dubstep, trap, moombahtone, electro, drum n bass, and every subgenre in between.","Cakewalk Mutant Rebellion is a suite of 300 all new sounds for Z3TA+ 2 that equips modern music producers with the sonic artillery for dance floor warfare. This library is rich with twisted takes on retro dance sounds, mutations of modern pop sounds, and face-melting custom creations.","Cakewalk Mutant Revenge is a suite of 300 all new sounds for Z3TA+ 2 that equips modern music producers with a heavy round of sonic artillery for dance floor warfare. This library is loaded with blistering hot leads, epic build ups, disembodied pads, cosmic synthesis FX, and a platinum collection of huge low-end mutant bass patches.","What happens when the only hope of a threatened world lies not with heroes in shining armor, but in the hands of a band of misfits and criminals? Blackguards, a new turn-based strategy RPG, explores this very question.","Explore the skies of a Steampunk world while discovering islands, taming beasts, and battling anything that stands in your way. Customize your own outpost as your base of operations for crafting and sending your followers out on missions while away. Over 40 hours of gameplay with a deep story!",Episode of 1 of Grimm - A Boy Learns What Fear Is,,,Grimm episode 4 - Puss in Boots,Grimm episode 5 - The Girl Without Hands,Episode 6 of Grimm - Godfather Death,Episode 7 of Grimm - The Devil and His Three Golden Hairs,Grimm episode 8 - Beauty and the Beast,Grimm episode 9 - The Master Thief,Grimm episode 10 - The Singing Bone,Grimm episode 11 - King Midas,Grimm episode 12 - Cinderella,Grimm - episode 13 - The Golden Goose,Grimm episode 14 - Iron John,,Grimm spreading his own brand of Christmas tidings with episode 16 - A Christmas Carol,Grimm episode 17 - The Frog King,Grimm episode 18 - Jack and the Beanstalk,Grimm episode 19 - Mulan,Grimm episode 20 - Pinnochio,Grimm - Episode 21 - Sleeping Beauty,Grimm episode 22 - The Adventures of Thumbling,The final episode of Grimm - 23 - Snow White,"Danny Baranowsky and Grant Kirkhope bring you the epic original music composed for Desktop Dungeons. Contains over an hour of classically-influenced adventure melodies. Feel the chills of the Creeplight Ruins, thrill in the Tower of Gaan-Telet and exercise caution when operating heavy machinery.","The Goatperson DLC adds a new playable class to Desktop Dungeons' already large roster of characters. The Goatperson is a throwback to roguelike gameplay of yesteryear, answering the oft-asked question &amp;quot;What would Desktop Dungeons be like if you had to eat food like regular roguelikes?","Discover limitless expanses and some brutal PvP! Become hero in AION Free-to-Play: dive into exciting battles, on the ground and in the air, against other players or in battle against mighty monsters. Spread your wings Daeva, and fight for the destiny of your people!","Distant Worlds is a vast, pausable real-time 4X space strategy game. Experience the full depth and detail of turn-based strategy, but with the simplicity and ease of real-time, and on the scale of a massively-multiplayer online game.","A fast paced FPS with an engrossing storyline written by cult Scottish author Christopher Brookmyre. You play Heather Quinn aka “Athena” trapped in a world of video games, desperate to find a way back home. Will you make it? Or will you be trapped here forever? Here's where you find out..","Tex Murphy is the last of the hard-boiled gumshoe detectives living in dystopian post-World War III San Francisco in the 2050s. Tex is an honest and good-natured private investigator with a penchant for bourbon, cigarettes and getting himself into trouble.","PREMIER EDITION - While seeking life on a distant planet, an astronaut discovers an abandoned Russian town. He suspects his mission is a hoax until a mysterious young woman saves him from a strange and deadly phenomenon...","“Ori and the Blind Forest” tells the tale of a young orphan destined for heroics, through a visually stunning action-platformer crafted by Moon Studios for PC.","Basketball Pro Management 2014 is the perfect mix between management and simulation. Become the coach of your favorite team and bring it to the top by managing a multitude of parameters each day: (rosters, trainings, finances, staff management, tactics, search for new talent and so on).",Enter the pages of the hand painted world of Journal. A journey through the life of a young and troubled girl as she tries to face up to the choices and responsibilities that come with childhood. An experience that questions the reliability of how we choose to remember events and explores the truths hidden within our dreams.,"One fine day, Eryi went to eat the melon that she had been SO looking forward to... but it was nowhere to be found! Then she noticed a note on the table. She picked it up and read: &amp;quot;Your melon looked delicious, so I took it. From Farta X&amp;quot; Fuming with rage, Eryi set out from her house to get her melon back from Farta.","Following the success of the RPG-Parody Grotesque Tactics franchise, comes a spin-off nestled in the heart of a tropical zombie bevvy of beauties against the greatest hero of them all, conveniently titled: Holy Avatar vs. Maidens of the Dead As the story goes... ...","Dodge, shoot and explode across the Solar System as a crew of intelligent and dangerous chickens. As the pilot of The Golden Eagle, it's your duty to keep Colonel Ram and Professor Bez safe as they squabble about ethics and who last used the toilet. Wage war against humanity as you battle your way towards the Sun to complete your mission.",Play the first game where the Mage is a total badass!,"Estranged tells the story of a lone fisherman, whose ship is stranded on a mysterious island during a violent storm.Explore the rich environments and meet the curious inhabitants of the island as you find a way back to the mainland.","An isometric orgy of big smashy pixelart and big smashy chiptunes. Battle your way through corporate architecture and brain dead, buzzword-spewing, middle managers using office supplies as weapons...Fight back against the forces of tyranny and liberate your fellow coworkers from the oppressive evil that dominates them...","The Real Texas is an action RPG taking place in Strange, Texas: a Kafka-esque parody stuck halfway between modern-day America and olden-days, RPG England.","Catzilla - Advanced version - tests and recommendations for gamers.Features: custom tests, recommendations, archiving and comparing historical results. These options are not available in FREE and BASIC versions. Tests are focused to check all computer components simultaneously (not only GPU).","Play Esteban, Zia and Tao through numerous tricky levels full of puzzles, traps and infiltration phases in a wide variety of diverse gorgeous settings. Explore every nook and cranny of China, and escape Zarès’ hostile men, searching for the local City of Gold.","Bound across the world spreading color, creating life, tearing brains asunder and meeting interesting geometry.Slowly begin to doubt that you are playing correctly. Slowly begin to doubt that life is even able to be lived correctly.And come to a terrifying conclusion.","Half-Life: Before – is a modification for Half-Life with new levels and story. Mod is based on Spirit of Half-Life 1.8 technology, that increases visual and functional component of the mod.You're playing as a Black Mesa scientist Andrew Winner.","Revisit of one of adventure gaming’s greatest classics by master storyteller Jane Jensen! Struggling bookstore owner Gabriel Knight investigates the sinister Voodoo Murders in New Orleans, discovering the secrets of his family history and unfolding his destiny in this tale of horror and suspense.","Darkest Dungeon is a challenging gothic roguelike turn-based RPG about the psychological stresses of adventuring. Recruit, train, and lead a team of flawed heroes against unimaginable horrors, stress, famine, disease, and the ever-encroaching dark. Can you keep your heroes together when all hope is lost?",Discovery of a new Goldilocks planet has led to the creation of a new type of army: One that is made of metal and steel. One that can’t feel pain or fear. One that is said to be our only hope against a possible alien invasion.,"Make friends, then blow them to bits! Trench Run is a mayhem-filled, laugh a minute casual multiplayer action game brought to you by the makers of King Arthur’s Gold and Soldat.","Command your Toy Soldiers in multiplayer or co-op with Toy Soldiers: Complete! Bring your toys to life in this action-packed, strategy-based game bundle with the original Toy Soldiers, Toy Soldiers: Cold War, and its DLC’S – Kaiser’s Battle, Invasion, Napalm and Evil Empire.","A story of tragic love and foxes’ games told in visual novel style, the Cage of Night is set during the events of 99 Spirits storyline.","In the near (and some might say, lucky) future, there is a pandemic transforming the world’s population into zombies. That’s not the lucky part – it’s this: Once bitten by a zombie, the only way to stave off the infection is drinking beer!",Last Knight is over-the-top jousting action in a beautiful brutal fantasy world! It comes with bucketloads of content and is inspired by outstanding third-person platformers like Crash Bandicoot.,"Rumors of someone collecting swords and kidnapping girls have reached the young blacksmith Kotetsu and his childhood friend Waka. A cryptic new Tsukumogami lurks in the night. Meanwhile, a darkness grows within Kotetsu as he is drawn into one battle after another.","Experience the rush of battle with the fan acclaimed Bullet-Hell shooter &amp;quot;SUGURI&amp;quot;. You're equipped with an automatic lock-on targeting system and a unique arsenal of hyper weapons, power shields, and more. Sure, she may look cute, but when it's time to fight, it's all business.",Jets'n'Guns is a heavy piece of ground shaking rock blasting action with graphics and special effects that will blow you eyes out! Enjoy yourself in almost-insane action adventure of saving the universe from the deadly threat of more than 270 unique monsters in the campaign of 43 levels.,"The Dungeon Lord is back – and this time he’s serious! In Dungeons 2, fulfil the Dungeon Lord’s insatiable quest for vengeance by recruiting fearsome new monsters from all corners of the underworld in order to undertake his evil bidding.","Tsukumogami is the original Japanese version of 99 Spirits.99 Spirits is an RPG/Puzzle game that revolves around the popular Japanese folklore of Tsukumogami, everyday objects coming alive on their 100th birthday.Hanabusa is a young headstrong girl living in the Heian capital within medieval Japan.","The fastest platformer around just got even faster – avoid fatal hazards, dodge hostile robots and use the Level Editor tools to create your own amazing Cloudbuilt stages!",World of Guns: Gun Disassembly lets you delve into the inner workings of guns from the largest gears to the smallest screws,"The critically acclaimed card game is now available on PC! Dead Man’s Draw is a simple and strategic game of luck and skill that boils down strategy gameplay into a single, tense decision: to play it safe or risk everything in pursuit of killer combos and boundless treasure.","Imagined and brought to life by indie developer Phantom Compass, Rollers of the Realm is set in an era of medieval lands, corrupt kings, and castles of yore with a twist: bounce on and attack enemies as a pinball! Your characters are the balls—meeting new characters will unlock new sets of equipment and abilities.",Make your own manga with ComiPo!The next gen manga software!ComiPo! is a revolutionary new software application that allows anyone to make high quality comics and manga. Users can easily create their own unique stories and situations simply by choosing and posing one of the 3D characters included with ComiPo!,"”I've been here before...&amp;quot; Jean-Jacques Gordot woke up to find himself trapped in a red room. A door that won't open, a hanging light bulb, scattered wine bottles. And for some reason, this room gives him a feeling of deja vu...","In the year of 18XX, the west is overrun by thugs and outlaws. A group of bandits have kidnapped Mayor Johnsons daughter and are spreading havok across the land. Only Gunman Clive can bring order to the west and save the girl!Jump and shoot your way across 16 diverse and challenging levels and fight massive bosses.","From the design veteran behind the classic game Chip's Challenge, comes Chuck’s Challenge 3D, a fiendishly addictive game that’s packed with features that will tease the brain and challenge the fingers.","Liquid Rhythm is a wildly innovative beat generator, sequencer, and software MIDI controller. It's powered by a rhythm synthesis engine that gives you instant access to quadrillions of rhythmic patterns that can be manipulated with a comprehensive suite of MIDI effects called Molecule Tools.","Meet Tom -- a software engineer turned reluctant half-demon hero who must fight his way out of Hell by turning souls into demon-searing weapons. Blast your way back to your 9-to-5 in this hilarious, isometric indie action-adventure game.","RaySupreme is a full-featured, powerful and easy to use 3D modeling, texturing and rendering software that features many of the tools you would expect from any professional 3D software. You can model, render, select and import objects in the same manner as most high-end 3D programs.","Little Racers STREET fuses the fun-oriented simplicity of top-down racing games with the excitement of street racing, and the results couldn't be better!",GoD Factory: Wingmen is a multiplayer space combat game played through fast-paced and intensely tactical 4 vs 4 player matches. Customize gunships and start frantic battles with your friends to survive the relentless fire of enemy players.,"Freedom Fall is a diabolical down-scrolling platformer set in a prison tower so tall it touches the clouds. Presented with hand painted art, its old school vibe mixes with fast-paced free falling action and a story with both dark wit and heart.","Journey to the dark heart of the Edgewood Home for Lost Children in this fiendishly difficult action RPG!When her teacher stepped out of the classroom a month ago, Cordy never imagined he would be gone for good. Now her fellow students have turned on each other as the school descends into chaos.","Thousands of aliens, giant spiders, mutant lizards, and more are on the attack - can you survive the onslaught? Crimsonland is a top-down shooter with a touch of RPG. Unlock over 30 weapons and over 50 perks from quirky to brutal. Complete the quest and show your skills in five survival modes.","Chapter Two of The Journey Down, a classic point-and-click saga with an Afro-Caribbean vibe. Get ready to embark on an epic journey of brain-teasing adventure!","“Rescue Team One to Base. Missing person found safe and well. Mission accomplished. Returning to base. Over.”Strap on your boots and hook up your compass - as a new recruit to Rescue Team One, you’ll need to use your expert tracking skills to locate a variety of important objects and missing people who have stumbled into the harsh and...",Smooth Operators is an advanced simulation where you take control of a call center company and lead it to financial success! Watch your company become alive and grow while your building reach the highest skyline. What type of CEO will you be?,"Super Chain Crusher Horizon is the largest, longest, most incredible PC shooting game in history with a two-player mode that is revolutionary. And, it’s loaded with game modes that solve the problems had by most shoot ‘em ups.","From multi-award winning Revolution Software comes the latest explosive episode in this classic series. Playing as intrepid American George Stobbart and sassy French journalist Nico Collard, you find yourself on the trail of a stolen painting – and a murderous conspiracy.","Castle In The Darkness is a fun and challenging shout out to the early days of video games! It's an action exploration platformer with some RPG elements, much like games from the Castlevania or Metroid series. It's super fast-paced, challenging, and full of secrets!","C-RUSH is an old school Shooter, with HD graphics.A new threat is coming from the space; the plasma insects. Exterminate the vermin!!Beat your own score and compare it with the other players !Key Features:- One ship with different positions to use- Different Gameplay according to the positions and shoots- A Schmup where you need...","The local multi-player space narwhal fighting game that has rocked the internet is finally ready for its big debut in a fully loaded release! Flop it out with 1-4 players in a retro, epic narwhal battle in space! The heart-piercing action is furious and unrelenting. STARWHAL will change your life.","Bot Colony is the first videogame built on intelligent AI-powered conversation. You speak with robots (or type) to investigate a mystery or to command them to do things. Robot actions and answers depend 100% on your commands, questions or location - taking interactivity and immersion to a new level.","Blockstorm is a FPS game set in a world made of destructible blocks. All maps and characters included in the game are made with the same tools that are available to the public. You can build everything in Blockstorm, and you can destroy it.",Pixel Boy and the ever expanding dungeon is an Action-RPG Shoot-em-up with dynamically generated stages across twenty levels and four acts each with an epic boss. Players can stack and combine power ups into over 6000 different powerful weapons as well as craft custom armours to overcome the dangers of the dungeon.,"9.03m, is a short, first person, art/empathy game for PC. Not a game in the traditional sense of the word; it aims to humanise, and remember the victims of the 2011 Japanese tsunami. The media is quick to put figures to death tolls in such disasters, and 9.03m tries to remind people of the individuals behind those figures. 9.","Join Ludwig on an exciting journey through the world of physics. Find out how energy is created from fire, water, wind and sun and use them cleverly to protect the Robotronics on Unitron against the impending energy collapse! Ludwig is a new type of learning game, which not only conveys knowledge, but is also really fun to play!","Narrative-adventure playing an Agent of Death who must take ONE life that could change the fate of a conflict-torn Nation!Think The Walking Dead meets Home and The Last Express, with a dash of To The Moon!Freeform exploration with Rich dialogueWhat might you learn searching the fundraising Gala and talking to patrons?",Squirt's Adventure is a word game designed to help children associate new words with letters of the Alphabet. Tag along with the cheerful pirates Squirt and Captain Dungee on their quest for treasure. Use your alphabet and vocabulary skills to help them find the golden loot.,"Signs of Life is a sci-fi survival sandbox platformer with a combination of procedurally generated and hand-crafted content. You'll explore mysterious locations, Mine blocks for resources, and meet strange (and some familiar) creatures, some of which don't even want to kill you and eat your corpse.","Take responsibility of operating large all-terrain Soviet vehicles and venture across the rugged landscapes with only a map and compass to guide you. Explore the levels and unlock portions of the map whilst discovering new trucks, fuelling stations, garages and lumber mills.",The first hi-res 2D fighter from the creators of the Guilty Gear series! BlazBlue is a traditional 2D fighter where two characters participate in a duel.,Saturday Morning RPG is an episodic JRPG set in world heavily inspired by 1980s Saturday morning cartoons and pop culture.,"You are a dead, failed video game character wandering through the recesses of the Random Access Memory, trying to find peace in the final moments of your existence before being deleted forever......but forget that. The real story is that Continue?","3089 is a futuristic, procedurally generated, open-world action role-playing game. All terrain, enemies, weapons, items, quests &amp;amp; more are uniquely generated. Will you obey your creator, the Overlord, or find your own path?","The beautiful, enchanted world of Driftmoon trembles in the shadow of a forgotten evil, for the dark King Ixal is again gathering his forces.Hope lies in an unlikely alliance: A young man joins forces with a little firefly dreaming of stardom, a panther queen with the ego of a moon whale, and a very determined fellow who's lost...","War of the Human Tanks is a story driven strategy game with a gameplay reminiscent of Battleship and Chess, featuring a story of war, loyalty, sacrifice and human shaped tanks.","Manipulate your wrists, elbows and shoulders to get the arrow to the bow, draw it, aim and fire!Probably Archery gives the player more control over the minutia of their joint movements with tons of crazy scenarios to conquer, multiplayer battles to fight and brutal target challenges to dominate.","Their faces are the playing pieces. The rules are their emotions!Ridiculously charming puzzles, wrapped around an epic tale of love and danger, topped off with an authentic old-time stringband soundtrack!The goal is to put every one next to their friends.But you can't please everybody all the time.","Final Rush is an intense, difficult, co-op multiplayer FPS, where the players fight against waves of hundreds of robotic enemies. Destroy robots to earn experience points which can be used to rank up your player; improving skill, customizing armor, and upgrading weapons.","Dragons and Titans is a fast paced MOBA with classic RPG elements. Select from over 30 unique dragons and 30 legendary weapons. Upgrade dragons and forge weapons to unlock more power. Free your Titan in 5v5 PvP battles across 3 different map types or play in ‘Adventure Mode’, traveling across different regions and unlocking rewards.","Enola is a psychological adventure game that delves into the inherent darkness of love, death and revenge. As Enola, you must survive a macabre world conjured up by the tortured memories of her lover, Angelica.","Welcome to a land you'll never want to leave! Villagers and Heroes is a free-to-play MMO game in which players experience not just the thrill of battling unique monsters or the satisfaction of tailoring an exquisite robe, but the pleasure of building lasting friendships within a friendly community.","Paper Sorcerer is a stylish single player turn based RPG focused on strategy, party-building, and environmental puzzles. Fight with the skills and spells you've learned in a battle system that emphasizes strategy over grinding. Assemble a party of monsters and dark creatures to fight alongside you.","EF-12 is a fully modifiable 3D fighting game engine that allows players to create characters, stages and AI easily.","Take on the role of a warrior maiden forced to hunt down her best friend who has stolen a sacred demon blade. End the feud between two warrior maidens and the demon sword between them, told through high speed action!","CDF Ghostship is a science-fiction Old-style shooter featuring an open-world spaceship, space station and colony. Each new game will offer a challenge with random story-lines and narrative, random enemies and multiple endings. Can you escape the Ghostship?",Unearthed is an episodic third person Action Adventure game set in modern day Middle East. The game is available in full Arabic and English voice over and features 21 Languages for Menu and Subtitles.,"Muffin Knight is an arena based action-packed platformer with stunning visuals and a myriad of fairytale characters, each with their own unique abilities, which gain strength as you advance.","Brawlout is the competitive platform fighter, designed for couch play, online ranked matches and competitive tournaments.","We all love soccer – but how badly do you want to win? FootLOL lets you use mines, cheats, aliens, cows, guns and many more cheats to decimate the opposing team and protect your players. Play against your friends or AI opponents!",Turbo Dismount is a kinetic tragedy about Mr. Dismount and the cars who love him. It is the official sequel to the wildly popular and immensely successful personal impact simulator - Stair Dismount.,"An action-packed strategy game of galactic conquest! Welcome to a new experience in gameplay and battle your way through a series of devastating space feuds, for supremacy across the universe. Unleash your firepower and launch an arsenal of special attacks to destroy the enemy.","Why save the world when you can conquer it? In EvilQuest, take on the role of Galvis — a dark knight obsessed with ultimate power. Set out on a quest of revenge,destruction and conquest in this exciting retro Action RPG title.","SPACECOM – a strategic-to-the-bone, starfleet command game in which deception, smart movement, and choices to battle decide victory or defeat.",Aqua Kitty is a fast paced retro styled submarine arcade shooter with optional 2 player local Co-op.Blast through hordes of mechanical sea monsters in your kitty sub and defend the deep sea milk mining kittens!THE MILK MUST FLOW!,"A cross-platform, cooperative, multiplayer, zombie death-fest. Slaughter your way through many different maps, game modes and enemies - With tons of weapons and customization options!","The Red Baron flies again!Return to the classic Red Baron games with this digital collection featuring the original Red Baron, Red Baron 3D, the Red Baron Mission Builder and high-quality scans of the original manuals, maps and reference cards.","Command treasure hunters Wyv and Keep through an ancient Amazonian temple in search of the Lost Idol! Use quick reflexes and teamwork to conquer a gauntlet of 60 fiendish puzzles and deadly traps. Unlock the secrets of the mystical Xu'hutl pygmies and their terrifying overlord, the great Quetzecola.","You play an explorer stranded on a dangerous alien planet. Low on fuel, your only hope for escape is to find the planet’s core in this incredibly clever action-puzzle-platformer.","The World is Your Weapon in Son of Nor, a third-person action-adventure! Alter the environment with your terraforming abilities, use telekinetic powers to bend the dynamic surroundings to your will and cast powerful elemental spells that can be combined to wreak havoc on your enemies!",Geekbench is a cross-platform processor benchmark that provides a set of tests designed to quickly and accurately measure processor performance. Geekbench makes benchmarks easy to run and easy to understand.,"Deep underground lies a reminder of Boarkind’s darkest hours. All it takes is one little boar to dig it back up. A block puzzler with an exploratory twist, Full Bore throws the player into an open world of crumbling mines, arcane ruins, and technological wonders with only curiosity to lead the way.","Mind-altering sandbox game that can be described as a racing role-playing adventure game with a complicated storyline. You’ll find a unique atmosphere, complete freedom and lots of gameplay hours to figure out what’s the game is all about.","Victory: The Age of Racing is a unique online racing game with spectacular car handling and user generated cars inspired by the different ages of racing. Victory offers a thrilling racing experience through multiplayer events, competitions and an addictive team career.","Pixel Piracy: Avast, ye Scallywags! Loot, Pillage and Plunder as you lead your crew across the vast seas of Piracia on your quest to become a Legendary Pirate King - or die trying!",Time moves forward only when you do in the dungeons of WazHack. Think your way out of problems instead of just spamming 'attack' and 'drink healing potion'.,"Experience cinematic kung-fu battles in the fastest, most intense brawler the indie world has ever seen! With the unique 1:1 response system of One Finger Death Punch, players will feel the immediate feedback of every bone-crunching hit. Pay tribute to the masters using five classic kung-fu styles mixed with additional weapons.","Mr. Bree+ is a hardcore sidescrolling adventure platformer, enriched with great visual and musical aspects. It's about 60 levels of pure challenge, revealing along the progress, the dark past events which tells the story of our hero, a householding family pig, Mr. Bree.","A murder mystery, on a plane, in the future. You are Consortium Bishop Six, a global peacekeeper in the year 2042. Your actions define and inform the ongoing narrative.","99 Levels to Hell is a platform shooter with lots of guns, upgrades, magic, traps and monsters to kill. 99 Levels to Hell is a rogue-like, which means surviving is key and every time you play you get a new set of levels to play. When you complete 10 levels, the 10th being a boss-fight you unlock a door to the next dungeon.","This is the world after a zombie apocalypse in which the main characters have to go through many perils. It is a story about ordinary people who, when faced with danger, decided not to run away from it, but to fight back. As the story goes along, you will learn what caused the disaster and help other survivors to overcome its aftermath.","A place where pirates roamed the seas looking for treasure, and where one innocent 8 year old girl grew up to become the most famous Pirate of the Caribbean! From an early age, Morgane Castillo was a confident and feisty girl, playing with her friends and getting into scraps on Bounty Island.","Arcade cover shooter inspired by Time Crisis, Metal Slug and 80's action heros! He's got an itchy trigger finger, some scratchy stubble, and a fondness for shooting dudes in the face. Run and gun your way through gorgeous 3D environments as you embark on a mission to rescue your kidnapped girlfriend from the Forces of Evil.","Enter the wondrous world of La Tale, the most friendly MMORPG! With over 50 unique classes, pet-raising, and endless customization, begin your tale now.",This is a story of disease and suffering; of medication and adverse effects; of thoracotomy scars and cellular poisons; of the living who cannot help but to die and of the dying who cannot help but to live; of a resting place other than &amp;quot;on 7F&amp;quot; or &amp;quot;at home&amp;quot;.,"Join Camp Eagle Feathers’ newest ‘Brave’, Jacob Jones, on an amazing adventure to uncover just what is going on at Camp Eagle Feather.","Comicado is an easy and lightweight graphic application for creating comics and other illustration works. It combines many standard elements of digital illustration (layers, editable brushes...) with some new concepts like panels based artwork composition, which allows creation of editable comic layouts.","When four spies are arrested infiltrating the mansion of Royal Governor Thomas Gage, the Patriots call upon their children to finish their mission, spring them from jail, and uncover the details of a conspiracy that could plunge the colonies into war...","What is A-Men?Classic puzzle-platformer, inspired by some oldschool titles like Lemmings and Lost Vikings. What is A-Men like?Hard. No holding your hand, no easy levels, we want to challenge you. If you are a casual, A-Men is not for you.",&amp;quot;BlackSoul: Extended Edition&amp;quot; is an old school survival horror game with an intriguing story set in England in 1972: people have been turned into psychotic killers by an unknown infection and you must try to help Ava and Sean survive in the quarantined area and find out the truth.,"Moebius: Empire Rising is a contemporary adventure that merges classic point-and-click puzzle solving with Jane Jensen’s sophisticated storytelling. Travel the world using Malachi’s unique deductive powers to analyze suspects, make historical connections, and uncover the truth behind a theory of space and time the government will defend...","Platformines is a unique 2D platformer packed with exploration, RPG and shooter elements, set in a vast 16-bit underground world! Customise your character, master all difficulty levels and literally jump to the top of the leaderboards to prove your skills!","Wealth. Women. Wildly offbeat jokes. Lie, cheat, steal, and embrace your inner rogue. Being bad has never felt so good.","Race to unearth the mystery of a forgotten civilization and rescue your kidnapped fiancé in this atmospheric adventure, suitable for beginners and diehards alike, which features a haunting blend of puzzle-solving and investigation.","Yogscast, the UK’s most watched YouTube channel, run an annual charity drive for the month of December. This year, they are teaming up with SEGA and taking the drive to the next level in a race against the fastest Hedgehog in the world.","A balanced starter kit for King's Bounty players. Take command of a squad of powerful creatures from the beasts faction - at a discount, no less! The beasts are powerful indeed. They are creatures who live in the vast expanses of the realm, indomitable and capable of crushing any opponent.","A balanced starter kit for King's Bounty players. Take command of a squad of powerful creatures from the kingdom faction - at a discount, no less! The sight of orderly battle formations, shining armor, swords tempered in hundreds of battles, vibrant flags and inconspicuous hoods of the kingdom's best healers is enough to send any...","A balanced starter kit for King's Bounty players. Take command of a squad of powerful creatures from the chaos faction -- at a discount, no less! Once, primordial chaos yielded to the Creator's push. Forced beyond the borders of corporeality, unbeaten and primal, it now bides its time for a decisive attack.","A balanced starter kit for the online strategy game King's Bounty: Legions. Take command of a squad of powerful creatures, enjoy fine artifacts and King's Aura for 30 days -- and all at a discount! This kit was assembled based on recommendations from the top-rated players of King's Bounty: Legions. It contains units that go best together.","A roguelite deckbuilding adventure game about magical coins. You play as a lootmancer, who can unlock the hidden power inside of coins and use them in magical duels. The loots you take from chests and enemies also become your next moves, so plan carefully!","Descend into the depths of an alien underwater world filled with wonder and peril. Craft equipment, pilot submarines and out-smart wildlife to explore lush coral reefs, volcanoes, cave systems, and more - All while trying to survive.",Obtain a technology advantage that removes the requirement to find the 18 Upgrade Plans to be able to buy the higher ship upgrades (gameplay and cosmetic upgrades). Important: You need to progress until Sequence 3 memory 04 to see the effect of this DLC. The plan requirement will be removed from the best ship’s upgrades.,"Ready for another sea-worthy challenge? This pack contains three new fearsome contenders who will keep you on your toes: The Jaguar, a good and mighty Aztec Templar; Blackbeard, the most feared pirate of the seven seas; The Orchid, the stone-hearted pirate queen.","Explore new locations and discover the secrets of the Black island, Mystery Island and Sacrifice Island to find hidden treasure chest to get access to new outfits and weapons for Edward, and figureheads and sails for you ship, the Jackdaw. Stand out in multiplayer with new and exclusive costume sets, pictures, titles, relics and emblems!","The chaos ensues as three new fearless adventurers ready themselves for the challenge. Test your skill and wisdom against: The Powder Monkey, the mischievous, talkative spy; The Shaman, the crafty houngan asogwe (high priest); The Mermaid, a Templar navigational expert who gave her heart to the sea.","7 additional, historical Tractor models for Professional Farmer 2014:Friend 15FTorino Mk. 25Rainman Model 3Brownman 88Friend Bauer Oliveman Mk.","Delve deeper into the mystical lore of the Northland with 3 new heroic questlines in “For the Gods” the first DLC for Realms of Arkania: Blade of Destiny.First, you’ve been entrusted by a nobleman from Clanegh with the difficult task of transforming the paramour of a Thorwalian leader’s daughter into a worthy suitor.",Your quests through the legendary saga of the Northland continue in “Ogredeath” the latest DLC for Realms of Arkania: Blade of Destiny. Search for a missing member of Aventuria’s elite messenger team. Join a band of huntsmen as you brave the legendary beasts of Torkil’s Chasm. Navigate the exacting currents of the Great Bodir River.,Deckbuilding empowers this challenging bullet hell adventure! Each character is a unique experience: Choose a deck of unlockable cards to boost you in new ways every battle - &amp;quot;My whirlwind shoots fireballs!?&amp;quot;. Battle hordes of brutal foes to become a superstar in C-SAR’s ever-changing game show.,The Santa Claus Essentials Pack includes everything you need to celebrate the holiday season!Package Contains:1ea Super Large Bag: The biggest bag available to hold all the presents you will receive and give out.1ea Santa outfit: Permanently celebrate the Holidays as everyone's favorite figure.,"Slip into the role of Daniel Hanson, commander of the first mission to a remote planet called Meridian. Assured of the fact that the planet is uninhabited, the unexpected reception of a distress call from the surface could mean many things, none of which you are prepared for.","600 Hero Points and 3,200 Iso-8 to build the ultimate team of Marvel Super Heroes!","H.A.M.M.E.R. is on the move and it’s up to you to stop them! Create a team of powerful heroes and villains and train them to take on the new threat! 2,900 Hero Points - Recruit powerful Heroic and Featured characters.","8,500 Hero Points and 37,500 Iso-8 to build the ultimate team of Marvel Super Heroes!",Walk in the footsteps of the Multiverse’s greatest hunter with the Magic 2015—Garruk’s Revenge expansion! Take on the role of Garruk and hunt your prey across the planes. The Magic 2015 Expansion adds hours of new gameplay: • New campaign levels • New cards to collect • Much...,Unlock the power of Innistrad! This will add all the cards from Innistrad to your collection.,Unlock the power of Theros! This will add all the cards from Theros to your collection.,Unlock the power of Ravnica! This will add all the cards from Ravnica to your collection.,Unlock the power of Shandalar! This will add all the cards from Shandalar to your collection.,Unlock the power of Zendikar! This will add all the cards from Zendikar to your collection.,Unlock the power of Alara! This will unlock all the cards from the Alara collection.,"In Acceleration of SUGURI X-Edition HD (aka AoSXE HD), the &amp;quot;little war&amp;quot; continues at a breakneck pace. AoSXE HD is an enhanced version of the eagerly awaited sequel to SUGURI.","The world is in great danger, threatened by two dimensional rulers, Nightmare and Dormammu, and their foul ally Baron Mordo, who team up to capture our world. Only you can help the Sorcerer Supreme stop the invasion and defeat them once and for all!","In this &amp;quot;Rube-Goldberg&amp;quot; style puzzle game, experiment and build your wacky contraptions with physics action like never before! Experience dazzling visuals of explosives, fire, and true to life physics behavior when you put the experiment into motion!","How far would you go to save your best friend?For Gomo, the answer to this question is clear: To the end of the world and further, if necessary.Join him on his journey through the bizarre 2D landscapes of this dreamlike Point &amp;amp; Click Adventure!","The incredibly challenging and addictive Super Splatters! With elastic suicidal blobs and extraordinary liquid physics that actually affect the way you play, Super Splatters delivers fresh gameplay, ripe with tons of tricks to explore.","Grimind is a 2D, physics based, adventure, platform game in horror/creepy theme. Grimind casts you into forgotten caves and ancient crypts, without memories. While being there you have to demonstrate great manual skills to pass obstacles and solve non trivial puzzles to get out of scary environment and additionally discover what are you...",With this skin pack you will be able to change the appearance of Genestealers in both single player and multiplayer games. The skin pack includes 3 skins: The Hive Fleet Behemoth Skin The Rotten Green Skin The Vomit Brown...,"Get inspired with the impressively crafted Inspirational Music Pack Vol. 1!This pack features 37 tracks in 3 different genres amazingly crafted by composer Jacob Bind. With high sound quality and skilled musicianship, this music will inspire your game to be the best it can be!","Grab your sword, Staff or Bow and add a unique twist to your adventures!The Adventurer's Journey Music Pack features 20 orchestrated tracks from D. C. Kairi Sawler that is sure to give your games a unique adventurous feel.","Music can make a scary game feel truly terrifying. Intensify the thrill of your games with Sinister Hollows.Created by Murray Atkinson, Sinister Hollows is a versatile music pack that can find a home in a horror game as well as a classic fantasy game that needs a touch of eerie and dangerous.","We are proud to present the High Fantasy Resource Bundle, a large composition of fantasy-themed resources for all of your RPG-making needs. This bundle represents countless hundreds of hours of eye-straining, wrist-debilitating labor and love!Everyone has a story to tell, and it is our goal to help you tell that story.","Finding the perfect look for your game's heroes can be challenging, especially when you've got several classes and roles to worry about.Created by Katakura Hibiki, this character pack is a compilation of matching resources for 16 brand new heroes.",Even the Ocean is a narrative action platformer about balancing the Light and Dark energies that hold the world together.,"2280 A.D. The last few survivors of a ruined Earth seek a new home: Mars, a planet whose inhabitants didn't take too kindly to outsiders. The Red Solstice is a tense, tactical, squad-based action game. Fight to survive with up to 8 players in co-op, or lead your own squad in single-player mode.","Epic Battle Fantasy 4 is a light-hearted turn-based RPG, heavily inspired by old classics like Final Fantasy and Golden Sun. You will battle through waves of adorable enemies, grow your characters, explore a diverse world, solve puzzles, and of course, save the world.","Multiplayer based, first person enabled, action packed and skill demanding shooter set in the Wild West times. A unique combination of non stop action and slow but powerful weaponry.","Help Robbe reclaim his memories in this 2D, dungeon platformer. Search spike-filled dungeons for the exit, unlock memories, face his darkest fears - and maybe some of your own!","NaissanceE is a first person exploration PC game developed on UDK by Limasse Five with the participation of Pauline Oliveros, Patricia Dallio and Thierry Zaboitzeff.The adventure takes place in a primitive mysterious structure and the game mainly consists to explore and feel the deep and strong ambiance of this atemporal world but...","Secret Ponchos is a highly competitive PvP fighting game set in a stylish Spaghetti Western universe. The unique, fast-paced gameplay in 3v3 battles creates an environment where PvP skills will be put to the test every match.","For victory you need only three tools - Cannons, Lasers and Rockets! Discover a spaceship MOBA game with 2D combat in 3D environment, wide variety of play styles and fun gameplay for casual and pro gamers alike.","Up-tempo adventuring and family drama ensue when the survivors of a disastrous charity project return to the dead ships in the former Aral Sea in Uzbekistan. Residue tells a personal story by letting you explore a larger-than-life, ridiculously detailed rendition of one of our world's most fascinating (and horrifying) locations.","READY FOR CRAFTING VIRTUAL WORLDS ON YOUR PC?The acclaimed world-building game featuring a unique mission-based approach is coming onto PC via Steam Early Access. With over 16 million players on mobile &amp;amp; tablets versions and 1,500,000 pixel blocks creations shared in the Online Gallery to date, this PC version is taking world...","Monochroma is a cinematic puzzle platformer. It’s a game about being a kid, growing up with a little brother that needs your help, facing obstacles and solving unique puzzles in a dystopian 1950's setting.","Alpha Kimori™ Great Doubt™ Episode One is the first of a trilogy of bright and colorful Japanese Anime inspired story-driven episodic 2D Role Playing Games, which feature an intricate action-adventure epic story with a delightful mix of sci-fi and fantasy elements.","Hexcells is an ambient logic puzzle game for PC, Mac and Linux.",Goat Simulator is the latest in high-tech Goat Simulation technology.,Ether One is a first person adventure that deals with the fragility of the human mind. There are two paths in the world you can choose from. At its core is a story exploration path free from puzzles where you can unfold the story at your own pace.,"Worlds of Magic is a 4X turn-based strategy game. Players can explore and conquer an almost limitless number of procedurally generated universes, using military and magical power to overcome their foes. Found cities, raise armies, research and cast spells, hire powerful heroes, and create powerful magical artifacts.",Rogue's Tale is a single player turn-based dungeon crawling game.The game takes place in a place called Frostmourn Keep and its underlying dungeons located in the World's End Mountains. The goal is to overthrow the current king of the Frostmourn Keep and become the new king.,Deceptively simple. Infinitely complex. LYNE is a minimalist puzzle game that will knot your brain as it calms your soul. Connect the shapes. Fill the board. Lose yourself in the interflowing paths of LYNE.,The Trading Card Game in Augmented Reality.,"Free-to-play 3D MMORPG in a massive industrial fantasy world! Steambikes, swords, airships, sorcery and steampunk science in a fully realized urban universe! A city of industrial wonders sits on the brink of collapse. A world of mechanical precision has been brought to the verge of war.",Experience the thrill of standing in the boots of a future astronaut on Mars in the world of Starlite.Participate with your crewmate in a single-player 20 minute mini-adventure that soon turns into more than you bargained for on the Red Planet.,Tower of Guns is a fast paced first-person-shooter for the twitch gamer... with a few randomized elements to keep it fresh with each playthrough. It's a short burst &amp;quot;Lunch Break FPS&amp;quot;... not unlike Binding of Isaac mixed with Doom 2. Tower of Guns was made by a guy named Joe (with his brother Mike composing the music).,"Breach &amp;amp; Clear brings deep tactical strategy simulation to PC, Mac and Linux! Build your Special Operations team, plan and execute advanced missions, and own every angle.Choose your real-world squad -- US Army Rangers, Germany's KSK, Canada’s JTF2, UK SAS, and more -- and take on a variety of foes with different skill-sets and...","WindForge is a side-scrolling block-building game where you explore hostile skies in an ever-changing Steampunk world. Everything you see can be created or destroyed, creating an RPG without barriers that rewards creative problem solving and improvisation.","Explore, Adventure, Craft, Build, Survive. How will you shape your world? Astral Terra is a Smooth Voxel, Procedurally Generated Open World game with RPG and Survival Elements!","Across all dimensions, the only constant is Darkness! A procedurally generated RPG-roguelike journey across the multiverse! In One Way Heroics, you take on the role of an intrepid adventurer who must travel across the land and face the Demon Lord before a mysterious darkness engulfs everything.","Last Dream incorporates the best features of classic RPGs: replayability and complete immersion into a vast world, rich with detail.","It's the future! And humanity is, predictably, under attack by extraterrestrial forces. Lucky for us we have an experimental ship that's never before been flown that will surely...uh, possibly...well, implausibly be able to win the war! All we need now is a pilot or two.","Inspired by classic games like TV Sports Football, Front Page Sports Football, and Fairway Solitaire, Gridiron Solitaire combines football strategy with a solitaire-style card game for a new sports game experience. Lead your team to the Gridiron Bowl Championship!Featuresa game world with almost unlimited depth.","Become an emergency pilot and test your skills to their limits, as you sit in the cockpit of an emergency helicopter, across more than 40 challenging missions.","GameGuru is a non-technical, fun and easy to use game maker. It allows you to build your own game world, using creative and enjoyable tools. Populate your game by placing down characters, weapons and other game items, then press one button to build your game, ready to play and share.","Freeze time and manipulate the world with endless possibilities: build the solution YOU want where nothing is scripted and levels can be solved in multiple ways. When Super Meat Boy meets Braid, you may die repeatedly and enjoy it!","Hit the starting grid in C10 Racing. An online competitive title that merges intense wheel-to-wheel racing action with first person shooter gameplay. 4 teams of 2, one driver &amp;amp; one shooter, go head-to-head using teamwork &amp;amp; strategy to capture the checkered flag.","Your community was taken down by a heavy storm which caused an apocalypse and unleashed the living dead. Together with the other survivors, it is your task to rebuild and to allow that sustainable life can still be assured. Cultivate your farm and manage your restaurant to provide food and deal with all the zombies.","We are the world’s premier motorsports racing simulation/game. An iRacing.com membership provides entry into the newest form of competitive motorsport: internet racing. Internet racing is a fun, easy, and inexpensive way for race fans, simracers and gamers alike to enjoy the thrill of the racetrack from the comfort of their home.","Turn your entire digital life into a game. AArcade is a 3D desktop that launches shortcuts to absolutely anything you like. Join the anarchy of the persistent online metaverse, or remain in your own private reality. Casual in-game building features, plus hundreds of thousands of addons.","Conquest of Champions is the perfect blend of Collectible Card Games and tabletop tactical warfare. Build your personal deck strategy and bring your cards to life by summoning fully animated creatures, casting devastating spells, and equipping powerful weapons.",Wage futuristic war by piloting a fully customizable 50 foot tall mech into battle. Fight for personal glory or battle for territorial domination in a persistent online warzone with your friends in various unique battlefields and combat environments. Do your duty. Serve your people. Pull the trigger!,"Lili is a quirky adventure RPG hybrid with stunning visuals, silky-smooth graphics, a cinematic story-line, and a fresh new way to deal with enemies.","Deckbuilding comes to life in Hand of Fate! An infinitely replayable series of quests - earn new cards, build your deck, then try to defeat it! In a cabin at the end of the world, the game of life and death is played. Draw your cards, play your hand, and discover your fate.","AGFPRO v3.0 is a comprehensive toolset designed to provide game developers and enthusiasts with a powerful and rapid level creation, terrain/vegetation editing, lighting and atmosphere system. AGF is an independent product that empowers users to create game levels and environments for many types of game genres, and the AGFPRO v3.","You have played the game – now read the book to find out how it all began.The Wizards of Midgård channel the Eight Elements to perform astounding (and often destructive) feats of Magick. They are sworn to use their powers for good, never for evil – and only occasionally for the sheer fun of blowing things up.","Age of Mythology is back! Choose your god and take to the battlefield in this classic, upgraded with full Steamworks integration and enhanced features.","Forge Assassin VIP PackTo Celebrate the release of Guilds in Forge we are offering all the Armor you need to intimidate your opponents when playing the Assassin including the Sun Armor, the Bivrust Armor, and the infamous Bardajalmor Helm. Pack includes VIP access to Forge which grants you access to creating Guilds as a Guilds Master.",Customize your truck with a choice of six cool and snowy paint jobs!Paint schemes included:Happy SnowmanNorthern LightsGlittering SnowflakeCold MysteryMighty Polar BearNight WolfAll of these cool themes are applicable to any in-game truck.,Paint your truck with a choice of 6 prehistoric themed paint jobs!Ice AgeWinged LizardSea MonsterSaber ToothApex PredatorHorned...,"Over many years, Private investigator Alex Hunter had worked on dozens of cases involving murder, theft, bribery and fraud; and nothing fazed him. Until, a young lady came to his house asking him to help find her father, the renowned scientist, Professor Patterson.","Abruptly lifted from your routine existence, you have been dropped into a realm where time and space hang in check. Through exploration and puzzle solving, you must overcome the awesome powers of Minos.","Step into the space suit of valiant gravity badger Captain T Bayback as he ventures into the deadly depths of deep space to save his friends, family and the universe itself from the threat of the deadly Evil Honey Badgers, aka the Hellsett.","Beware Planet Earth! is a beguiling mix of classic tower defense and time management coming to PC via Steam for the first time. Save your cows from the Martian invasion by building an effective defense using towers, traps and objects, and also by firing your Zapper directly at the invading force of little green men!",MURI is a DOS-style shooter from Remar Games and Ludosity. Features PC Speaker sound and 16-color EGA graphics.,"Batman: Arkham Origins Blackgate - Deluxe Edition amplifies the 2.5-D game developed by Armature Studio with new maps, enemy encounters, difficulty levels, and batsuits, all with enhanced visuals. A companion game to Batman: Arkham Origins, players can continue the storyline of the console version and discover more details of the Dark...","Join Emmet and an unlikely group of resistance fighters in their heroic quest to thwart Lord Business’ evil plans—a mission that Emmet is hopelessly and hilariously unprepared for.  It’s a wild ride with a surprising mix of over 90 playable characters including Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, the Green Ninja, Gandalf, Shakespeare,...","Booming turbine noise, kerosene smells in the air and constant change and new challenges: The daily life of a large airport is perfectly presented and is a particular challenge in this professional and economic airport simulation.","Woodcutter Simulator 2013 allows the player to control and operate an entire lumber mill. From clearing woods to the evacuation of the logs, the player has to undertake all arising tasks to complete numerous missions – from cutting trees for demanding customers to producing woodchips for heating purposes.","Total War: ROME II – Beasts of War Marshall your savagery, and strike primal fear into the hearts of your enemies with the Beasts of War unit pack for ROME II. Comprising seven new battlefield units, Beasts of War brings further variety to ROME II’s already diverse unit roster.",Ride the wave of creativity with the ever increasingly popular Android platform from Google. Developing Android applications using Clickteam Fusion 2.5 and Clickteam Fusion 2.5 Developer the Android export module gives you the power to create quality apps for Android quickly and effectively.,"It’s never been easier to create games and apps for your favorite iOS device. With Clickteam’s iOS runtime option you can create content using our amazing set of creation tools, Clickteam Fusion 2.5 and Clickteam Fusion 2.5 Developer.",Ride the wave of creativity with the cutting edge technology of HTML5. The HTML5 export module add-on will allow you to create apps and games for the latest cutting edge web browser interactivity. the HTML5 export module gives you the power to create quality apps for the web quickly and effectively.,"With the new SWF for Adobe Flash Player runtime, a whole new world of creativity is at your fingertips. With this new add-on product several new , Create banners, games or interactive website content with ease, Read on for all the details of what you can do with this new runtime.",Join the Windows 10 revolution with the Universal Windows Platform Exporter. The UWP Exporter allows you to build 2d games and apps that can be deployed to the Windows 10 eco-system and the Xbox One using Clickteam Fusion 2.5 Standard and Developer.,Clickteam Fusion brings 3d game development to everyone with &amp;quot;Firefly&amp;quot;! This brand new set of objects will power your copy of Fusion 2.5 Standard or Developer with the ability to leverage the event editor to build your own 3d games and apps.,10 tracks of the original music of Findig Teddy composed by Julien Rocca.Track List:1. Room2. Teaser3. Leaves and Grass4. Shadows5. Tarant6. Cavern7. Lac8. City9. Rain10. GreyThe Soundtrack will be placed in your Findng Teddy folder in the Steam Directory:...,Blade of Destiny (1992) is the first part of the glorious Realms of Arkania Trilogy...An Orc army stands ready to attack Arkania's villages and towns. The only hope of saving the land lies in the legendary Blade of Destiny. Can you find this magical weapon in time to stop the siege?,"US Diesel Locomotives - Set 1This set contains 6 diesel locomotives in high detail, including sound and cabviews.Beautifully and precisely modeled with high resolution textures these models enhance your collection for any US layout.","Set amongst the heavens, the music of the Sword of the Stars games has always been one of aliens instruments and military anthems. But in The Pit you aren't in the heavens, you've entered a hell, and with it comes a dark and mechanical accompaniment!","Ground Pounders is a turn-based, strategy wargame. Inspired by classic strategy games like Panzer General, and steeped in the lore of the Sword of the Stars universe, Ground Pounders offers a new generation of gamers an updated taste of turn-based strategic warfare.",Lead your team of Runners to survive a corrupt megacorporation’s intrigue threatening thousands of lives in this new action-strategy game set in the most popular cyberpunk universe of all times – Shadowrun.,Character pack release for Talisman: Digital Edition - The Martyr.The Martyr has an extremely powerful ability – she can automatically win a battle for the price of one life!Purchase this character pack to add the Martyr to your character collection. She is then available to choose in all game modes.,Character pack release for Talisman: Digital Edition - The Gambler.The risky Gambler plays the odds and tempts fate with all he meets!Purchase this character pack to add the Gambler to your character collection. He is then available to choose in all game modes.,"The Frostmarch ExpansionA continent of ice dominates the horizon...It is the Frostmarch, brought here across the northern waters by the Ice Queen. Armed with the Crown of Command, she is transforming the realm into a desolate, frozen wasteland. Can you overcome the raging storms and strange creatures that inhabit this bitter land?",Character pack release for Talisman: Digital Edition - Black Witch.The Black Witch moves in mysterious ways and has a natural spell resistance which can cause any spell-caster to think twice before targeting her.Purchase this character pack to add the Black Witch to your character collection.,"Character pack release for Talisman: Digital Edition - Apprentice Mage.The Apprentice Mage's journey is focused on learning the art of spell casting from others. In the early game, she can sometimes struggle to cast spells, but she eventually becomes a powerful Mage who is at her most dangerous when other characters cast their spells.","The Dungeon expansion. The third expansion pack release for Talisman: Digital Edition. Adds a new board region, 5 new characters and 168 new cards.","Resurrected and revamped for the latest edition, the Martial Artist was first seen in the original Dungeon expansion back in 1987. He returns to take on the challenge for the Crown of Command.","Resurrected and revamped for the latest edition, the Saracen was first seen in the original Dungeon expansion back in 1987. He returns to take on the challenge for the Crown of Command.",Character pack release for Talisman: Digital Edition - Shape ShifterPurchase this character pack to add the Shape Shifter to your character collection. She is then available to choose in all game modes.Shape Shifter Stats - Strength - 2Craft - 4Fate - 3Lives - 4Alignment - EvilStarting Space - TavernSpecial Abilities (from the character...,"Tread carefully, brave adventurers... The Eagle King stirs. Do you have what it takes to brave the Highland? All sorts of perils await you in those daunting peaks. The Highland adds a new Region to the game for heroes to explore.",Judgement day has arrived... The endless struggle between the spirits of light and the forces of darkness is escalating. Mighty heroes are called to choose their alignment and fight to prove themselves worthy...,Character pack release for Talisman: Digital Edition - The Shaman.** Nomad Games is donating its revenue from sales of this character pack to the UK charity SpecialEffect **http://www.specialeffect.org.uk/Please note that the Shaman character is NOT included in the Season Pass and must be purchased separately.,Character pack release for Talisman: Digital Edition - The Illusionist.The Illusionist is a master of confusion and can fool opponents into attacking a decoy instead of attacking her! She can also appear to be any alignment she wishes when confronted by Strangers or Events which deal with alignment.,"A city of wealth and opportunity beckons…For the brave travelers seeking the Crown of Command, the City is a place of both great potential and great peril. Wandering the streets, a visitor will find master artisans, affluent merchants, remorseless criminals, and mysterious strangers.","Purchase this character pack to add the Jester to your character collection. He is then available to choose in all game modes. The Jester Stats - Strength - 2 Craft - 4 Fate - 4 Lives - 5 Alignment - Good Special Abilities (from the character card) - When you are attacked by another character, your constant juggling causes a distraction...",Character pack release for Talisman: Digital Edition - Goblin Shaman. Purchase this character pack to add the Goblin Shaman to your character collection. He is then available to choose in all game modes. Goblin Shaman Stats- Strength - 2 Craft - 4 Fate - 4 Lives - 3 Alignment - Evil Special Abilities (from the character card) - You need...,Talisman: The Nether Realm adds three new alternative endings and 36 Nether cards designed to challange even the hardiest of adventurers!,"The Blood Moon expansion adds 111 new Adventure Cards, 10 new Spell Cards, 1 Time Card, 6 Lycanthrope Cards, 3 Alternative Ending Cards, 3 new characters and the Werewolf, a feral creature that players manipulate against each other.","Game and software creation has never been easier or quicker than with Clickteam Fusion 2.5!Within your first hour you will have learned the basics of the tool. Compile a windows app with a mouse click, Or target additional platforms like iOS, Android, Flash and XNA (Windows Mobile phone and Xbox) with the purchase of our optional...","Liquid Rhythm is a wildly innovative beat generator, sequencer, and software MIDI controller with a comprehensive suite of MIDI effects. Run it standalone or integrate into your workflow through VST/AU/RTAS/Max for Live.",Velocity won over games industry critics in 2012 with its captivating game-play and energetic retro-influenced soundtrack which perfectly complimented its innovative spin on classic arcade action.FuturLab has collaborated with well respected musicians as well as up and coming remix artists to create the Velocity®Ultra Original Soundtrack...,"A new Gear arises, its name Leopaldon. As they threaten to lay waste to the world, you prepare to mount your offense. The good news? You won't have to face them alone. Guilty Gear Isuka introduces the brand new mechanic of cooperative gameplay to the tried and true fighting madness of the Guilty Gear XX series.","Gun Metal is a futuristic action-packed experience where you take control of the fully transformable prototype combat vehicle known as the Havoc Suit.The Havoc Suit, a prototype combat vehicle, remains the only hope to save civilization from a tireless enemy.","Since the press discovered multi-billionaire Bob Slayer’s best kept secret, the illegal Glacier Races, there are more applications than ever before for this deadly, crazy race. New contenders have entered the race, their vehicles are faster, stronger and equipped with new, experimental kind of weapons.","Hyper Fighters brings back the rail shooter as you know it from the arcade: fast, explosive, addictive, and easy to learn: but so hard to beat the number one highscore! Fourteen trigger-happy arcade-fun stages are now available for one or two players: Shoot dozens, hundreds, or even thousands of enemies out of the sky and water with...",In 2032 an Earth that knows only peace is forced to relearn the art of war. Twenty years have passed since the population of Earth did a fine job of destroying nearly everything in one final struggle for power by the politicians and military leaders.,"Dungeon of the Endless is a Rogue-Like Dungeon-Defense game, in which the player and their team of heroes must protect the generator of their crashed ship while exploring an ever-expanding dungeon, all while facing waves of monsters and special events as they try to find their way out...","Purchase the Starbound OST for access to the game's full soundtrack, composed by Curtis Schweitzer and Solatrus. Also contains a whole bunch of experimental tracks not available in the finished game. The soundtrack contains a whopping 60 tracks for a total of 5 hours and 44 minutes of play time.","The Randomizer is a MIDI effect that generates rhythm patterns– just how random those patterns are is totally customizable. It works sort of like a time machine would, were a time machine to be possible in the physical world.","The GrooveMover is a way for you to instantly remix your beat. It’s a MIDI effect that alters the arrangement of the notes in a bar.How can you use it? Say, for example, you want to switch up the beat for the last bar of a four-bar loop. Just select all the region in that bar and press the GrooveMover arrows.","BeatWeaverThe BeatWeaver is a rhythm design tool. Based on your choices, it generates rhythmic patterns you can play with. It’s made up of three parts The BeatForm Circuits, Step Sequencer and the BeatWeave list.The BeatForm Circuits send BeatForms – or “note clusters” – to specific locations in a bar through up to 3 preset paths.","Imagine you’re creating a beat and you realize that the notes are off by a beat. Normally, you’d manually grab the beats and drag-and-drop them into the right place.This can get pretty tedious.What if you could nudge entire groups of notes over as many time as you want?","For months, there was a rumor that a team of renegade developers at WaveDNA went rogue and disappeared into the torrid jungles of Borneo with some laptops to work on some seriously controversial project. Upper management was fuming.",By entering the Ableton Push’s “User Mode” the device becomes a fully functional controller for Liquid Rhythm without the need to create your own custom MIDI mappings. Every aspect of Liquid Rhythm has been brought to life on the Push making it easier than ever to generate beats quickly.,"Fly your tiny defenceless pod up to larger ships, dock with their airlock, and sneak inside. Once you're in, you creep through their corridors, ambushing guards, hiding bodies, stealing new weapons, blowing them up from the inside, or hijacking their turrets and even the whole ship.","Widely known in small circles as AntiSquad, they are a military tactical response unit. These hardened military professionals, tired of bureaucracy, politics and serving the armed forces, have established a private paramilitary formation located in south United States.","Meltdown is a tactical arcade shooter featuring both singleplayer and intense online multiplayer. Become the most skilled soldier, choose your weapons, get the best upgrades, buckle up and start your mission. Be careful, each enemy has it’s own combat style, special AI and gear. Adapt to them to survive!","In a world oppressed by ruthless machines, a stronghold full of die-hard TV-sets resists the persecution. Your lost friends and the lack of resources drive you to take action against the extinction. Brave the dangers and go find your comrades to rescue your species!","Let’s Sing: The Karaoke for PC. Let’s Sing PC is your chance to bring out your inner-star and pose as Lady Gaga, Maroon 5, Lana Del Rey, Flo Rida, Bruno Mars, Avril Lavigne, LMFAO and many others…Pump up the volume and party in your living-room with friends and family!","The Season Three Table Pack includes all TEN of the amazing tables in Season Three for the discounted price of $29.99 (40% off the normal price). Season Three includes six great Williams'® tables; Fish Tales™, Black Knight 2000™, High Speed™, Diner™, Junk Yard™, and Dracula™.","The Season Three Pro Pack includes all TEN of the tables in Season Three PLUS the Pro version of each table for the greatly discounted price of $39.99- that’s 60% off the price of buying them separately! Season Three includes six great Williams'® tables; Fish Tales™, Black Knight 2000™, High Speed™, Diner™, Junk Yard™, and Dracula™.","Grapple is a 3D puzzle platformer. You can fling, swing and climb across everything in Grapple. Different surfaces react uniquely to your gooball. Grapple is as fast paced as you want to play it. With multiple checkpoints and unlimited lives your skill is the only thing slowing you down.",High Strangeness is a hybrid of 8 and 16 bit games - a 12 bit adventure. The game's core ability is to switch between 8 and 16 bit worlds and the player uses their generational differences to solve puzzles and explore the universe.,Krautscape is an action-packed racing game with bird-like flying cars and procedurally built racetracks.,"Classic gameplay. New experience. Now on Mac!Panzer Corps Wehrmacht is the award-winning turn-based strategy game that the press has called “…nothing short of brilliant” and “the spiritual successor to the Panzer General series”, with high rankings and praise around the world.","Aura Kingdom is a free-to-play Anime MMORPG featuring strong PVE elements, a uniquely detailed world, and an engaging, well-crafted story. Aura Kingdom empowers players as Envoys of Gaia, gifted individuals that take the role of one of the thirteen classes.","XCOM 2 is the sequel to the award-winning strategy game, XCOM: Enemy Unknown. Twenty years have passed since humanity lost the war against the alien invaders and a new world order now exists on Earth. After years of lurking in the shadows, XCOM forces must rise and eliminate the alien occupation.","Orcs have become victims of brutal Human expansion, as they are carelessly poisoning the environment. Now, four trained Orc heroes are retaliating with a Not-So-Silent yet very deadly plan.","When the fate of a world hangs in the balance, an unusual hero arises! The visually impressive adventure-epic The Whispered World is now available as a Special Edition for the first time. Let the Whispered World enchant you with its many animated details and fantastic characters.","Bonus videosEarly demo videos, making of documentaries, the story of Remedy, Balance Slays the Demon music video and a clip from the Harry Garrett Show. Visual explorationAlan Wake's visual identity guidelines, concept art, production photos, high resolution wallpapers and printable cardboard cutout characters.",These additional resources will open up even more options for your story-telling and are fully compatible with the High Fantasy Resource Bundle. Just add the resources to your game-making engine and you are ready to go!The focus of The Deep expansion pack is on Dwarves and Orcs.,Bring new life to your games with these 24 brand-new characters just waiting to fill out your party’s roster!All of the graphics are provided to you; it is up to you to tell their story. These characters can be freely mixed and matched with those from the Main Party Pack I and can be used in conjunction with any PVGames resource bundles.,"Need a bit more flavor in your RTP? Gyrowolf has you covered.Gyrowolf brings classic RPG-styled music to life with 27 tracks designed to fit in with traditional RPGs as well as the RPG Maker RTP.This pack contains:Tunes for battle, dungeon exploration, towns, and moreVariety of styles and intensities so you can find a song to fit your...",Grab hold of your audience and let music guide their path through your game!The Zonderland Music Pack features 14 instrumental tracks from Intelligentsia. These tracks will make your game sound amazing while providing a great atmosphere for your stories to be told.,The first Time Fantasy graphics pack includes a wide variety of characters and tiles that feel like the classic RPGs of the SNES era.,"Over 400 unique components allow you to build and command voxel vehicles from the deep ocean to outer space- including battleships, planes, submarines and space ships! Forge strategies, allegiances and fleets strong enough to destroy eight deadly factions of the planet and reign supreme.","Begin a quest for long-lost truth on your vivid journey through a new fantasy world. This open world action RPG requires and rewards your original choices. It starts with your character, includes creativity in combat, and ends with the cultures, cities, and fate of the world.",Zero Point is the first 3D 360 short film created for virtual reality. Oculus Rift DK-1 or DK-2 is required. Running time: 15 minutes.,"Explore, craft, and survive in this Multiplayer RPG Platformer with permanent death! Featuring many Rogue-like elements, Magicite randomly generates each underground dungeon for you and your friends to delve deep into.",Thrills abound as the ghost-hunters from the hit TV show “Paranormal State” race to solve a terrifying Civil War haunting!,"The next generation of EVGA Precision has arrived with EVGA Precision XOC. This software allows you to fine tune your NVIDIA graphics card, maximizing cooling and performance.","Satellite Reign is a real-time, class-based strategy game, set in an open-world cyberpunk city. You command a group of 4 agents through rain-soaked, neon-lit streets, where the law is the will of mega-corporations.","Discover the industry standard for geopolitical simulation of today’s world!In Masters of the World, the third incarnation of Geopolitical Simulator, play as the head of state of one or more countries and expand your influence across the globe.","Cuphead is a classic run and gun action game heavily focused on boss battles. Inspired by cartoons of the 1930s, the visuals and audio are painstakingly created with the same techniques of the era, i.e. traditional hand drawn cel animation, watercolor backgrounds, and original jazz recordings.","Enter the world of Ahkranox - the first ever genuinely infinite first person roguelike. Become the incarnate form of a sentient Sword, protecting a realm of dreams from the shadows of its own tormented soul, and stand as an eternal guardian against the infinite darkness that threatens to consume all.","A new action platform RPG, inspired by all the people the heroes always ended up screwing over. Stupid heroes...","The followup to 2009's Dead Samurai, The Dishwasher: Vampire Smile is a combo-fueled, fast-paced, stylistic 2D action platformer that features the series' staple gritty, graphic novel-inspired art style, built on a new engine that allows for an even more visually gruesome experience.",Schoolgirls fight aliens with the power of science! Gather a team of science-themed specialists and defend your homeworld in classic turn-based combat.,"The Yawhg is a one-to-four player choose-your-own-adventure game that randomizes a unique story every time you play. The evil Yawhg is returning. How will the town’s locals lead their lives in the meanwhile, and what will they do when the dreaded Yawhg finally arrives?","In the old days man tried to catch a glimpse of the future in the strangest of ways.Experience the ancient Swedish phenomena of year walking through a different kind of first person adventure that blurs the line between two and three dimensions, as well as reality and the supernatural.","Set on Mars in an alternate Cold-War era, Super Motherload is a 1 to 4-player couch co-op digging adventure with storyline by Image Comics' Kurtis Wiebe, a fully voiced cast of Soviet and American characters, and a procedurally-generated world that changes each time you play.","A simple game of touch, pleasure and joy.Luxuria Superbia is a colorful, musical journey made to fill you with joy. Exciting designs explode from your touch as you glide through playful stylized flowers. It’s all about the experience and the interaction.There’s twelve flower-like tunnels and a garden with a temple.","Bringing the virtual pub experience to your living room, SportsBar VR is the ultimate social VR game. Featuring an awesome set of bar games and incredible pool simulation SportsBar VR provides one of the most immersive single player, and social multiplayer experiences in VR.","Hero Siege is a Hack 'n' Slash game with roguelike- &amp;amp; RPG elements. Annihilate hordes of enemies, grow your talent tree, grind better loot and explore up to 6 Acts enhanced with beautiful Pixel Art graphics! This game offers countless hours of gameplay and up to 4 player online multiplayer!","Aces Wild is a fast-paced, hardcore, aerial beat 'em up!Engage in insane aerial martial arts combat against countless opponents!It utilizes a 'Wild Meter' which increases the power of your attacks butalso makes enemies more aggressive!","From the author of Spice and Wolf, Isuna Hasekura, comes WORLD END ECONOMiCA. This is the first episode out of three part sci-fi/economic thriller visual novel set on the moon.","Love is a reductive platforming game with a retro aesthetic and a focus on a challenging difficulty. It has an custom respawn system, 16 levels, 12 track soundtrack, competitive scoring, and a simple-to-use level creation feature.","Discover the ultimate game recorder, ‘liteCam Game: 100FPS Game Capture’.‘liteCam Game: 100FPS Game Capture’ is a recorder with easy and simplified interface that captures game play with HD quality output with audio and no lagging. Capture game play with high Frame rates with both game sound and audio commentary Today!","&amp;quot;Infectonator : Survivors&amp;quot; is a Randomized Permadeath Survival Simulator that combines RTS, Tower Defense, Roguelike, and Management-Simulation gameplay. The goal is to lead a group of survivors in a struggle to stay alive and find rescue in a zombie apocalyptic world.","A platform-adventure game about time travelling, puzzle solving and a friendship between an Old Inventor and a Snail.","Montas is a first person survival horror adventure that focuses heavily on exploration, immersion, atmosphere, story and interactivity. The player is cast into a dark and mysterious world with little introduction, and must do what is necessary to survive on a twisted ride full of intrigue and drama.",Enter the world ripe with magic and monsters. Become the Black Swordsman and slay thousands of enemies in an epic action RPG!,"He got close a few times, but never won the Trashpit Championship. As skilled behind the wheel as your father was, there was something missing. Maybe it was instinct, maybe ferocity, or the hummingbird beat reaction times that success on the track demands.","MorphVOX Pro will change your voice online and in-game. Take your voice-changing to a new level with superior voice-learning technology, background cancellation, and sound quality.","You play as Brad the barbarian, who is awoken to the sounds of his town under siege. Today is different though; Brad has grown tired of fighting all the time. The usual grind for XP has grown dull, and he has decided to pursue his dreams of making music instead of shedding blood.","3D first-person shooter in a post-apocalyptic world. Zombies, anomalies, huge maps, intense realtime battles!","Zoom Player is the most Powerful, Flexible and Customizable Media Player application for the Windows PC platform. Based on our highly-touted Smart Play technology, more media formats play with less hassle, improved stability and greater performance.","In-depth Game Dev Tutorials for Unity 3 &amp;amp; 4If you've been dreaming of making a computer game then you've come to the right place. GTGD S1 is an in-depth set of video tutorials through which you will develop an awesome little multiplayer FPS from scratch, using Unity free.","Grab your weapon of choice, polish your Rogue senses, and get ready to be thrown into the dark and oppressing dungeons of Claustrophobia! Experience deep character development, fast-paced tactical combat, and mountains of epic loot. Here begins a roguelike quest for glory, slaughter, and anything shiny!","A game inspired by classic Magic Carpet, with modern graphics and features. You play as a sorcerer, exploring mysterious worlds, changing them, discovering ancient secrets, creating new spells, fighting creatures and other mages, building and destroying as you please.","Massacre of zombies! Survive the zombies. Buy and upgrade weapons and equipment to massacre zombies. Kill special zombies like zombie dogs, get unique weapons and equipment that you can’t buy from the shop. Be unbeatable using power boost and massacre zombies.","With BADLAND: Game of the Year Edition, experience the multi-award-winning action adventure like never before - redesigned for Steam.","A roguelike space odyssey in a procedurally generated world! Travel through a lonely and mysterious cosmos! Customize your ship, explore and survive in a retro stylized universe!",Tumblestone is the first original action-puzzle game of the past fifteen years -- completely reinventing the genre into a deep and cerebral puzzle solving experience that you won't forget.,"The Golf Club is a visually stunning golf simulation that features procedurally generated courses, a fully featured course editor, asynchronous online play and outstanding gameplay. Create and share courses with your friends and compete with both friends and rivals in this fresh take on golf.","A fantasy Action RPG, playable by yourself or in co-op with up to three friends! Features an unrestricted skill system, fluid and challenging combat, and an engaging story. For additional value, there's also a fleshed out, challenging roguelike mode to truly put your ARPG skills to the test!","DreadOut is a third person supernatural horror game where you play as Linda, a high school student trapped in an old abandoned town. Equipped with her trusty smart-phone, she will battle against terrifying encounters and solve mysterious puzzles which will ultimately determine her fate.","Spate is a surreal experience set in a world that seeks to draw the player into its reality. Spate is a dark, brooding, and beautifully crafted emotional journey that is seen through the eyes of a struggling addict.","Filled with mystery, humor, and suspense, and brought to life in rich 3D-animation, AR-K is a point-and-click story game with a twist","The future of flight simulation is now.X-Plane 11 is the detailed, realistic, and modern simulator you’ve been waiting for, with a intuitive user interface, 3-D cockpits, and new effects and features.New in X-Plane 11A completely redesigned, intuitive user interface that makes setting up and editing your flight a breeze.","Sea of Stars is a starship roguelike, a sandbox adventure game of interstellar exploration and combat. Travel from star to star, upgrade your ship with new systems and weapons, build up your flotilla with allies and mercenaries, and take on a variety of alien menaces.",Be your own teammates in this unique single-player co-op shooter!,"This is Snow Horse - the snowboarding game you never asked for, where the points are made up and you are a horse riding a snowboard. Official Twitch Levels and Twitch Snowboard Graphic!","Quest of Dungeons is a turn based dungeon crawler game featuring a good old 16-bit retro artistic look. By playing as either a Warrior, Wizard, Assassin or Shaman you have to traverse dungeons, defeat enemies and loot everything you can in order to survive.",The Girl and the Robot is a third person action/adventure game set in a fairy tale world where you take on the role of a young girl trying to escape from a castle ruled by an evil queen.,"There isn’t much better than a wide open game world in which you have essentially no limits and can alter the very landscape in which you play – that is, unless you add dragons, of course…","Your missing sister, an ancient machine, and a sinister presence await within The Gallery, an episodic, built-for-VR game inspired by dark 80’s fantasy films. Step into a VR adventure with groundbreaking new game mechanics, in a forgotten world filled with bizarre characters and wonder.","RUNNING WITH RIFLES is a top-down tactical shooter with open world RPG elements. In RWR, you join the ranks of an army as a common soldier, just like the thousands around you.","Depression Quest is an interactive fiction game where you play as someone living with depression. You are given a series of everyday life events and have to attempt to manage your illness, relationships, job, and possible treatment.","Soviet City is a city management game in a totalitarian economy. In Soviet City life is not the purpose, it is a resource - just like coal and food. The totalitarian machine needs to keep running and that is all it matters. This economy needs a leader that can master the art of terror.","Run, jump and slide to the rhythm of your own music library! In Melody's Escape, advanced audio detection algorithms transcribe the energy that you feel when listening to music into a synchronized gameplay experience, with a captivating and dynamic obstacle course.","When the interstellar mission to colonize a new world goes terribly awry, the fate of the Letarri people falls into the hands of a lone adventurer. Now it's up to you to unravel the mystery of what happened. Can you save them and their mission, or is it already too late?","Frozen State is a brutal, survival game set in a world embraced by the man-made ice age meant to protect mankind from pestilent hybrids. Bitter cold and numbing fear are the constant companions in the journey through the retro-futuristic Frozen State world.","Dominique Pamplemousse in “It’s All Over Once The Fat Lady Sings!” is a unique and offbeat stop motion animated detective adventure game about gender and the economy. Also, all the characters frequently burst into song.","A Celt-punk action-adventure set in a future Ireland ravaged by technomagical war and economic collapse, humanity clings on by using the remnants of technology that survive. Our hero must venture into lands unexplored, twisted by strange and mythical powers.",Lambda Wars is a free standalone multiplayer Source Engine modification set in the Half-Life 2 universe that brings the war between mankind and their brutal Combine overlords to a traditional real-time strategy (RTS) setting.,"Lorna Ritten, has learned of Alfred Cypress, her grandfather whom she has never known, her family past has always been somewhat of a mystery. Approached by a stranger she learns of an inheritance, of which she has no idea of just how important this actually is to her and others.",A futuresport FPS where you race around a skate park / dance club and nail each other with dodgeball trick shots. Singleplayer + Local Multiplayer + Online Multiplayer with 27 different objective-based game modes...or create your own!,YOU are the hero in Forest of Doom! Explore the sinister Darkwood Forest in Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy classic RPG gamebook!,EPOCH - Post-apocalyptic Robot Combat,Darkness is coming. How long can YOU survive?,"Reversion is a science-fiction Point&amp;amp;Click Adventure Game developed by the indie 3f interactive. Inspired by classics of the genre. You will be propelled to a desolate future, robbed of your memories and looking desperately for a clue to understanding your predicament.","In this third person survival horror, play as David, a teenage boy during a summer night, who will have to escape his unconscious fears, taking many forms. In the same time, he will have to save his friends from their own scary projections.","Haunt your way through a town in the dead of night! Possess objects with your soul, to scare people away from a museum, a hospital, a theatre and a cruise ship. Will you be able to scare everyone out and reclaim what has been lost, before the night is over? A side-scrolling action puzzle game starring ghosts!",Granted by crafting the Steam Holiday Sale 2013 badge. Customize Your Priest With the Slime Skin.,Granted by crafting the Steam Holiday Sale 2013 badge. Customize your Archer with the Slime Skin.,Granted by crafting the Steam Holiday Sale 2013 badge. Customize your Knight with the Slime Skin.,Granted by crafting the Steam Holiday Sale 2013 badge. Customize your Rogue with the Brigand Skin.,Granted by crafting the Steam Holiday Sale 2013 badge. Customize your Assassin with the Agent Skin.,Granted by crafting the Steam Holiday Sale 2013 badge. Customize your Wizard with the Gentleman Skin.,"Star Trail (1994) is the second part of the glorious Realms of Arkania Trilogy...Can you join together the elves and dwarves in common war against the orc invaders? Star Trail features over 70 spells, 50 skills, over 350 types of items and weapons.","Shadows over Riva (1997) is the third part of the glorious Realms of Arkania Trilogy...Something sinister lurks in the seaside town of Riva. An evil force has subverted the city's leaders, and evil things lurk in the town's sewers. Explore the huge city, dungeons and even underwater regions in stunningly detailed 3D.","Four races of wizards, adepts of four magical schools, collide in a brutal fight for world domination. Etherlords, an iconic strategy created by Nival, became a bestseller in the world and earned highest grades from critics.Etherlords is an exciting mix of turn-based strategy and fantasy trading card game.",The saga continues! Etherlords II takes you back to the world of Ether and into a whole new realm of fantastic possibilities. Lead your hero on an unforgettable journey through lands filled with unsurpassed beauty and danger to unlock the ultimate mystery.,A high-speed 2-button infinite running game of kitty saving and flame evading! This is the prequel to Hot Tin Roof - see where the story of Jones and Franky begins.,"Global ATC Simulator is a standalone simulation of the task of Tower, Approach and Departure controllers. What sets it apart from every other ATC simulation is that it is global, it covers all the major airports in the whole world with literally unprecedented detail.",Now you can own and operate your own auto repair service with PlayWay’s Car Mechanic Simulator 2014. Car Mechanic Simulator 2014 gives you the behind the scenes view of the daily dealings at local garages and dealership repair shops.,"Get a jump-start into 8BitMMO and support development with this pack! Receive 2,100 gold and 15 platinum as well as an exclusive hat.","Get a jump-start into 8BitMMO and support development with this pack! Receive 5,040 gold and 36 platinum as well as two exclusive hats: the first is made of steam, the second made out of OTHER HATS.","Experience legendary American trucks and deliver various cargoes across sunny California, sandy Nevada, and the Grand Canyon State of Arizona. American Truck Simulator takes you on a journey through the breathtaking landscapes and widely recognized landmarks around the States.","Imagine taking the perfect online gaming experience and one of the most popular Worms games ever made, adding a touch of Steam achievements, leaderboards, cloud saves, full controller support; a little sprinkle of 1080 / 60FPS, and you have Worms World Party Remastered!",Axis Game Factory’s Zombie FPS Player DLCZombie FPS Player is a new DLC for Axis Game Factory’s AGFPRO and PREMIUM that allows users the ability to create their own 3D Zombie Shooter games from a first-person shooter perspective.,AGFPRO Fantasy and Side-Scroller PlayerAGFPRO’s Fantasy Side Scroller Player is a new DLC for Axis Game Factory’s AGFPRO and PREMIUM that allows users the ability to build their own 3D games from a retro side-scroller perspective.,"Invite your friends to a fun multi-player (up to 8 players) RPG adventure where the only limit is your imagination. You make the rules, so any game system you have played in the past can be enjoyed in Battlemat's versatile multi-player 'Virtual Playing Space'.",The &amp;quot;Ski Region Simulator Gold Edition&amp;quot; contains plenty of features and possibilities: In the career mode you enter a unique and large winter landscape and experience the workaday life in the swiss alps in a completely adapted and freely accessible world.,Sonic &amp;amp; All-Stars Racing Transformed Ryo Hazuki DLCYou can now race as Shenmue's Ryo Hazuki alongside other favourite characters in Sonic &amp;amp; All-Stars Racing Transformed!• Download now to race as Ryo in his unique transforming vehicle.,Experience the art book and music soundtrack from Wales Interactive's sci-fi adventure horror Master Reboot. The 54 page art book features unseen behind the scenes concept work used in the creation of the game and is a real insight into the developers minds.,"Mars has been colonized. Now, Earth's greatest corporate titans have been invited to build companies to support it. The competition to dominate the market is fierce in this fast-paced economic RTS from Civilization IV lead Designer, Soren Johnson.",War is a Machine. Pilot hulking death machines and use massive weaponry to destroy your foes in fast-paced FPS gameplay. HAWKEN is a multiplayer first person shooter that places you inside a mechanized war machine on the battlefield of a dystopian world.,"Economic booms, stock market crashes, oil crises, upswings, triumphs... Now you can become the greatest power in industry!",It's the year 1850 - The world is changing. A new era of mass production and mass transportation has begun. For a smart businessman there are many opportunities. With a little money and good ideas you can establish a business empire. There are new companies founded on every corner.,"Relive the history of the German omnibuses on your computer at home and explore the technology of the Citybus O305. Do not only drive a bus with automatic transmission, but be the first in an OMSI add-on to control a bus with manual transmission in the busy city traffic.","Do you love Electronic Super Joy? Do you love it too much? Waaaaay too much? Then the Electronic Super Joy: Bonus Content Pack is for you! You've got the FULL GAME, which is all shiny-like, with 55+ levels &amp;amp; three super-dope boss fights, But now...",Play &amp;quot;Dream On&amp;quot; by Aerosmith on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Sweet Emotion&amp;quot; by Aerosmith on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Oh Yeah&amp;quot; by Aerosmith on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Legendary Child&amp;quot; by Aerosmith on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Same Old Song and Dance&amp;quot; by Aerosmith on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Dream On&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Sweet Emotion&amp;quot;, “Legendary Child”, “Same Old Song and Dance” and &amp;quot;Oh Yeah&amp;quot; by Aerosmith on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;B.Y.O.B.&amp;quot; by System of a Down on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play “Toxicity” by System of a Down on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play “Aerials” by System of a Down on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Toxicity&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Aerials&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;B.Y.O.B.&amp;quot; by System of a Down on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Atarashii Hikari&amp;quot; by 9mm Parabellum Bullet on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Punishment&amp;quot; by 9mm Parabellum Bullet on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Detroit Rock City&amp;quot; by Kiss on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;I Was Made For Loving You&amp;quot; by Kiss on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Heaven’s On Fire&amp;quot; by Kiss on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Detroit Rock City&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;I Was Made For Loving You&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Heaven’s On Fire&amp;quot; by Kiss on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.","Play &amp;quot;What’s the Frequency, Kenneth?&amp;quot; by R.E.M. on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.",Play &amp;quot;Überlin&amp;quot; by R.E.M. on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Everybody Hurts&amp;quot; by R.E.M. on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;The One I Love&amp;quot; by R.E.M. on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Shiny, Happy People&amp;quot; by R.E.M. on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.","Play &amp;quot;What’s the Frequency, Kenneth?&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Überlin&amp;quot;, “Everybody Hurts”, “The One I Love” and &amp;quot;Shiny, Happy People&amp;quot; by R.E.M. on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;From Noon Till Dawn&amp;quot; by STRAIGHTENER on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;ROCKSTEADY&amp;quot; by STRAIGHTENER on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;PARADOX Taiso&amp;quot; by RIZE on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Shinsekai&amp;quot; by ACIDMAN on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;stupid&amp;quot; by The Birthday on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Hitch A Ride&amp;quot; by Boston on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Don’t Look Back&amp;quot; by Boston on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Foreplay/Long Time&amp;quot; by Boston on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Hitch A Ride&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Don’t Look Back&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Foreplay/Long Time&amp;quot; by Boston on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Light My Fire&amp;quot; by The Doors on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Riders on the Storm&amp;quot; by The Doors on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Roadhouse Blues&amp;quot; by The Doors on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Light My Fire&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Riders on the Storm&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Roadhouse Blues&amp;quot; by The Doors on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Prayer of the Refugee&amp;quot; by Rise Against on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Give It All&amp;quot; by Rise Against on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Make It Stop (September’s Children)&amp;quot; by Rise Against on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Swing Life Away&amp;quot; by Rise Against on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Satellite&amp;quot; by Rise Against on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Prayer of the Refugee&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Give It All&amp;quot;, “Make It Stop (September’s Children)”, “Swing Life Away” and &amp;quot;Satellite&amp;quot; by Rise Against on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Crazy On You&amp;quot; by Heart on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Love Bites (So Do I)&amp;quot; by Halestorm on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;All Around Me&amp;quot; by Flyleaf on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;It’s Complicated&amp;quot; by A Day To Remember on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;The Downfall of Us All&amp;quot; by A Day To Remember on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;All I Want&amp;quot; by A Day To Remember on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;If It Means a Lot to You&amp;quot; by A Day To Remember on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;All Signs Point to Lauderdale&amp;quot; by A Day To Remember on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;It’s Complicated&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;The Downfall of Us All&amp;quot;, “All I Want”, “If It Means a Lot to You” and &amp;quot;All Signs Point to Lauderdale&amp;quot; by A Day To Remember on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;3AM&amp;quot; by Matchbox Twenty on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone. Capo required for one or more arrangements.,Play &amp;quot;Push&amp;quot; by Matchbox Twenty on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;How Far We’ve Come&amp;quot; by Matchbox Twenty on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;She’s So Mean&amp;quot; by Matchbox Twenty on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Unwell&amp;quot; by Matchbox Twenty on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;3AM&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Push&amp;quot;, “How Far We’ve Come”, “She’s So Mean” and &amp;quot;Unwell&amp;quot; by Matchbox Twenty on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone. Capo required for one or more arrangements.",Play &amp;quot;Totalimmortal&amp;quot; by AFI on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Girl’s Not Grey&amp;quot; by AFI on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Miss Murder&amp;quot; by AFI on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Silver and Cold&amp;quot; by AFI on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Totalimmortal&amp;quot;, “Girl’s Not Grey”, “Miss Murder” and &amp;quot;Silver and Cold&amp;quot; by AFI on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Just Like a Woman&amp;quot; by Bob Dylan on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Like a Rolling Stone&amp;quot; by Bob Dylan on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Subterranean Homesick Blues&amp;quot; by Bob Dylan on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Just Like a Woman&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Like a Rolling Stone&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Subterranean Homesick Blues&amp;quot; by Bob Dylan on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Killing in the Name&amp;quot; by Rage Against the Machine on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Wake Up&amp;quot; by Rage Against the Machine on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Know Your Enemy&amp;quot; by Rage Against the Machine on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Stupid Girl&amp;quot; by Garbage on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;I Think I’m Paranoid&amp;quot; by Garbage on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Only Happy When It Rains&amp;quot; by Garbage on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Stupid Girl&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;I Think I’m Paranoid&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Only Happy When It Rains&amp;quot; by Garbage on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Father of Mine&amp;quot; by Everclear on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Tomorrow&amp;quot; by Silverchair on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Two Princes&amp;quot; by Spin Doctors on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"The Tribloos 2 is the sequel to the best-selling time management game, The Tribloos.Trey's village is under threat once more. Before there was only one storm to worry about, now there have been many and Matilda the dragon is being tired out trying to blow them all away!Can You Help Trey Save His Island?","Grab a friend, grab a gadget, grab a gun and get ready for the most fun you'll ever have in a co-op game!","Humanity Asset is a Metroid-style 3D platformer that pays homage to the traditional retro classic shoot ‘em up genre. Aliens have invaded Earth to strip the planet of its resources, to save their own dying planet. As in all classic shoot 'em ups, only you can save the day - now there’s a surprise!","Ninjas are cool, this is an established fact of the universe. Nazi Robots from space are not cool, they are the complete opposite of cool, and Robot Hitler is out to get you, the world's first ninja. You have 10 seconds to destroy all Nazi Robots in your vicinity. IT. IS. ON.","Stealth, Hack, Steal - Light combines unique game mechanics, atmospheric visuals &amp;amp; a gripping narrative that breathes new life into a much loved genre. Combat is your last option &amp;amp; technology your first, can you evade capture &amp;amp; solve the mystery? - Step out of the shadows and into the Light.","The great wizard Galdryn of the Meadows has been vanquished by a deadly conspiracy within the Circle of Mages. His chief ally, Lord Davenmor, now struggles to save his kingdom from the dark forces of the conspiracy and the onslaught of Lord Barrowgrim’s army of marauders.",Card City Nights is not a traditional card-trading game. It's an adventure game with zany characters to meet and weird locations to explore. In the center is our new card battle system that breaks away from the fantasy TCG mold with connecting cards to form combos.,The Deluxe Edition of Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is the most prestigious version of the game. Display your dedicated support as one of the grandest online commanders with unique interface elements and faster collecting of experience.,"'Things will explode, things will die, you will dodge, you will do maths...Yes maths!' Super Killer Hornet Resurrection is an intense vertical shooter with a brain train twist. Through the chaos and explosion try to answer the falling math problems to increase your multiplier and power up your ship.",Hexcells Plus is a standalone expansion to Hexcells that contains 36 new and more challenging puzzles.,"Design and play your own floating islands in the sky! Choose your terrain, add loot, and build challenges for your players. Submit your designs for the chance to see them in the final game for everyone to discover. You create the Worlds Adrift!","The Broken Age Official Soundtrack features new original music from composer Peter McConnell of Monkey Island 2, Grim Fandango, and Psychonauts fame. Recorded with the help of the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra, your ears are bound to be delighted.",Whether you are looking to fight your way through an alien attack or your characters are lost in battle you'll find the tune you need.While avoiding the robot march or taking in the ambiance from a futuristic laboratory these tracks will help you along your way!,"Bring back the whimsical and colorful characters of the classic RPG by Tyler Warren.True to the spirit of the whimsical characters of the early console RPG, this pack of 50 battlers by artist Tyler Warren brings to life a fresh set of options for the professional and amateur game creator.","Inspirational Vol.2 adds evocative themes, dramatic tension and musical ambiances to your game!The second volume of the Inspirational series focuses on modern synth tech/trance melodies and provides tracks for sciFi/fantasy, or steampunk projects.",Need a setting for your cowboys and outlaws to duke it out? We've got you covered!,"Whether you want to create a farming sim, or focus on town life—it's all possible with the Rural Farm Tiles resource pack!","Addictive RPG with bits of strategy to enhance the gameplay, Dreamscape can be played in 4 different modes and features different rewards for completing them. You even get bonus heroes if you complete a mode without using the healing goddess!","Chapter 1 in a four-part series! Journey across a massive world on a quest to thwart a power-crazed lunatic who wants to enslave humanity! Two hundred years ago, a sorcerer attempted to fulfill a dark prophecy that would see him rule the world. He died before his goal was realized, but the prophecy lingered on.","KAMI is deceptively simple: fold out coloured paper to fill the screen in as few moves as possible. Relaxing and easy to pick up, you'll soon find yourself deep in contemplation to perfect each puzzle. Created by State of Play, famous for their handcrafted aesthetic, KAMI has been created with real paper in an elegant Japanese theme.","How long has it been? A man sits in a distant getaway cabin waiting for his wife Serena. Where is she? Things in the cabin evoke memories, and the husband comes to a disturbing realization... This short point-and-click adventure is the result of a massive collaborative effort between dozens of fans and designers of adventure games.","The Pool Nation Cues, Balls &amp;amp; Decals pack - oh yes, our balls just got shinier! Featuring an array of metallic balls, sexy decals and wacky ques we've got bamboo cues, those of a twisted nature, and you can even embrace your inner jedi with our lightsaber inspired cue! What more could a pool jedi, hu hum I mean, ninja ask for really?",The Ramp pack - is simply a pack of ramps! Ramp it up baby! This pack contains 5 trickshot objects each available in 8...,"The Skate Pack - an object pack for the Box of Tricks mode in Pool Nation, this pack provides 5 trickshot objects for you to create your very own skate park on a pool table! Each object comes in a choice of 8 colours for your customisation - What fun!","The Unlock Assets Pack – does exactly what it says on the tin, perfect for the gamer who's pressed for time! In the tour alone there are no less than 100 decals, 12 stunning locations, 16 handcrafted cues and 12 Ball sets. Want to bypass the unlocks and be handed all of these, then download the Unlock Assets Pack!","Grammy®-nominated, BAFTA-winning composer Austin Wintory presents an earthy, layered orchestral score for the single player role-playing tactical game from Stoic.","Sub Rosa is a multiplayer first-person shooter about tense deals, double-crosses, and the occasional high-speed car chase.","Torment: Tides of Numenera is the thematic successor to Planescape: Torment, one of the most critically acclaimed role-playing games of all time. Immerse yourself in a single-player, isometric, story-driven RPG set in Monte Cook’s Numenera universe. What does one life matter? Find your answer.","CardFile3D is a personal organizer, contact manager and data keeper application. It helps you to manage your personal and business information and to create custom libraries for storing any kind of data. CardFile3D has a unique and extremely easy-to-use 3D user interface which makes it the first 3D productivity application on the market.","Shadow Blade is an action-platformer set in a visually striking world where the ancient teachings of ninjas and samurai clash upon a modern landscape. Sprint through stages littered with traps, slaying enemies along your path without hesitation as Kuro, the blade of shadow!","In the second part of the unfolding saga that could also be enjoyed independently, you can explore new corners of this unique world and experience the mix of old-school gothic and mad science, with more action, powerful foes and plenty of stunning places to visit.","THE REVOLUTIONARY STORM SERIES RETURNS! Live a new experience in the deep &amp;amp; rich NARUTO environment. Tons of new techniques, enhanced mechanics, over 100 playable characters &amp;amp; Support Ninjas, and a brand new exclusive character (Mecha-Naruto) designed by Masashi Kishimoto.","Detective Grimoire has been called to investigate a murder. The owner of a small tourist attraction, found deep within the heart of the marshes, seemingly killed by the very mythical creature his attraction is based around...",Welcome To The Shadow Operations Unit. CONSTRUCTION: Create new ships for the Shadow Fleet. ACQUISITION: Download new ships created by other operatives. EXECUTE: Complete Shadow Missions to gain promotions. DOMINATION: Each ship in the fleet has its own set of leader boards.,"Ever wanted to see how a super hard, addictive game is made? Now's your chance! Get your hands deep and dirty into the source code to Blast Em!","Assassin’s Creed® Liberation HD is the remastering of the stunning pre-American Revolution chapter of the Assassin’s Creed saga. Discover the Bonus pack, and employ brand new weapon improvements for Aveline to enhance her fighting skills.","It’s a rip-roarin’ good time in the wild, wild west!  Get a chock-full of laughs and abilities with these special pants.  Spin around and attract more studs with the Tornado Pants. Put on your Prospector Pants and spawn more high-value studs. Get all fired up with the Hot Pants and jump higher with the Jack Rabbit Pants.","Join the world’s most powerful touring car series, the DTM Championship. Featuring all the real teams, drivers, and tracks from the 2013 season, DTM Experience offers unrivalled immersion and gameplay to its audience. Enjoy the 2013 DTM Championship, Single Player Races, Track Tests and Leaderboard Challenges.","Vertiginous Golf is a dystopian steam punk mini golf adventure game set in the skies above an alternate world where life on the ground is enveloped in permanent smog, constant darkness and never-ending rain.","Rail Adventures is a fast paced action/racing game in a minecart on railways, set in epic and beautiful 3D environments.",Gauge is an experimental and minimalistic sport game.,Take the lead of your favourite rugby union team.Pro Rugby Manager 2015 covers all aspects of the challenges of a real rugby union manager: guarantee sporting success on the field and financial success off it and be the next Champion!,"From the creators of AI War: Fleet Command comes an all-new grand strategy title with turn-based tactical combat, set in a deep simulation of an entire solar system and its billions of inhabitants. You are the last of a murdered race, determined to unify or destroy the 8 others.","Counter-Strike Nexon: Zombies is a Free to Play MMOFPS offering competitive PvP and PvE action including content from the original Counter-Strike and all new game modes, maps, weapons, and hordes of Zombies!",Gear up and get ready for war! Take on hectic 2D action shooting stages with your deadly Gunhound mech.,The official Soundtrack of SpellForce 2 - Demons of the Past contains the following tracks in mp3 format: 01 - Danger in the fields 02 - Demons of the past 03 - Frozen 04 - Heroes 05 - Mysteriousness 06 - Occultism 07 - Realm of the gods 08 - Romantic 09 - Shalibar 10 - Stormtroopers 11 - The Citadel 12 - The World of Zarach 13 - Venus Is,"Whistleblower will let you play as Waylon Park, a software engineer under contract with Murkoff and the man who emailed journalists around the world - including Miles - at the beginning of Outlast. Spending a couple of weeks at Mount Massive, during which he was unable to even talk to his wife and son thanks to strict security protocols,...","Get Ethan: Meteor Hunter with soundtrack, artbook &amp;amp; game guide!","Total War™: ROME II – Hannibal at the GatesDropping you into the Western Mediterranean at the outbreak of the 2nd Punic War, Hannibal at the Gates features a new campaign map focused on the period that brought the ancient-world superpowers of Rome and Carthage to all-out war.","Pirates &amp;amp; Raiders Culture PackBecome the scourge of the ancient world with the Total War™: ROME II - Pirates &amp;amp; Raiders Culture Pack. Introducing a new playable culture consisting of three new raiding-focused factions, Pirates &amp;amp; Raiders brings new buildings, technologies, religion, faction traits, battlefield and naval units...","Over 9000 Zombies! is top-down arcade action blown out of all reasonable proportions. An endless horde of zombies is coming your way, how long can you survive?","This DLC includes: 7500 Gears Credits (enough to fast forward your multiplayer career or create some racing cars from scratch) 3 Special Deluxe Founder racing cars (super fast 60PI cars, 1 legend car, 1 classic car and 1 formula car, exclusive to this offer, also give you access to reserved events!","Volition's classic is back. Descent: FreeSpace is the quintessential old school space shooter. With a deep story, great graphics and engaging battles against fighters to capital ships it keeps you moving. Breakout that flight stick and enroll with the Grand Terran Alliance today.","FreeSpace 2, the follow up to the classic Descent: FreeSpace – The Great War is ready to engage you in the second round. Follow the Grand Terran Vasudan Alliance further into the mysteries of the Shivans. Get your flight stick and hit the flight deck. The last time was just a warm up.",Official Soundtrack from Puddle.Music composed and arranged by Arnaud Noble &amp;amp; guests.TracksAqueous FireBulb Around EnergyCherry Ball'sChoubi Bell'sChunky InfraredColor MeDianaspirinElectrik InterludeEnjoy's WaterFlesh SpecialistGenetic CoreGranular AnatomyGreen PotKing-sized GravityNitro Of The MisfitNova LossOoipopiPixel...,Official Soundtrack from Poöf Vs the Cursed Kitty.Music composed and arranged by Sylvain Hellio.Tracks01 - Poöf's Ritournelle Alt01 - Poöf's Ritournelle02 - Knight Call03 - The Dog Paladin04 - Dragons of The North05 - Flowers for my Kitty06 - Let's Get Stuff07 - Frozen Moments08 - Jingle Tell (Extended)All tracks composed and performed...,"Original soundtrack from Wooden Sen'SeY, by Maxime Ginolin &amp;amp; MagiCJacK","Buckle up, adjust your mirrors and get ready to put your driving abilities to the test as you prove your skills on the streets! Choose between driving a traditional car, bus, or truck and prepare to navigate city streets, mountain roads, or scenic highways.",Off you go! Get ready for trucking challenges that will keep you on the edge of your seat as you hitch up and haul your way across the ‘extreme roads’ of this massive map and unforgiving terrain.,Formula Truck 2013 for Windows - PC is the official simulator of the popular Brazilian Formula Truck series.,"In this simulation, the player works as the owner a large car park, on which the towed vehicles will be parked. A huge armada of different towing vehicles is ready to go. The trucks are on the road to find illegally parked cars. For each order you earn money, as being towed might be very expensive for the owner.",Welcome to the Game Industry!The year is 1982. Three young entrepreneurs discover the computer and potential to strike it rich in the Games Industry! Their love for computer games is a common bond that they all share but they are also in fierce competition with one another in a race to build a successful Games Development House…They...,"At their very own farm hobby-farmers undertake the daily tasks of an agriculturist: The producing of food, sustainable resources and the delivery of energy materials. Fields have to be worked and farm animals fostered.","Forestry 2017 – This Simulation takes you to the forest! Take over the tasks of a professional woodcutter and enjoy working in the woods. Control huge machinery, fell the trees, arrange the timber and comb through your wood. Sell the wood, several products and earn money to expand your company.","Blast rocks, drill tunnels and force your way through every mountain. At the beginning you have enough time and no major problems. Once the TNT charges are placed you can start the blasting to create the tunnel entrance. The excavated material will be loaded by a shovel dozer on a dump truck and transported to the storage site.","As the busy operator of a hangar and runway in the heart of a region like the Serengeti, there are countless ways to earn a living. As an ‘old school’ bush pilot, you must undertake challenging jobs to make the lives of both tourists and locals a lot easier.","Stock Car Extreme is a realistic racing game simulating brazilian Stock Car V8 series, also featuring several extra series and tracks covering a wide variety of racing disciplines.",In Ski-World Simulator you are managing your own skiing area. Work with the snow cat and prepare the slopes to become a skier’s paradise! Make sure that your patrons have everything they want in order to earn money and increase the size of your skiing operation. The keys to ski-world success are in your hands!,"Everybody knows the giant vehicles preparing the white tracks for skier. No slope is too steep and no snowbank too huge. As driver of such a monster, it’s your job to prepare the runs in a giant ski area.",Arctic Trucker Simulator – officially endorsed by Alex Debogorski – takes you down the world's iciest and most dangerous roads!,Are you ready for your new challenge? Get ready to take over the control of your original &amp;quot;Jungheinrich&amp;quot; Forklift! Just the best drivers will level up in the Highscore list. The fastest drivers will receive a special bonus. Enjoy the game in full 3D and feel the realistic driving experience.,"You are commander of the Black Talons company, currently stationed in the Oberon system. After an eventful campaign, the military Tzanar Union has overrun the planet of Genai and blocked all departure from the system: leaving you and the Black Talons stranded.","You set sail as others return to dry land. Wind force 12. Breakers beat on the bow deck, spray blows across the bridge. On the high seas: face the sheer force of the elements! And you’re steering them – the most powerful rescue vessels of the Maritime Search and Rescue Service in search of castaways.","This expansion for Democracy 3 adds new dilemmas and policies which allow you to exert subtle change upon your country. Income taxes and Economic policy are big blunt instruments, but with social engineering you get to influence the population in far subtler ways.","Hotline Miami 2: Wrong Number is the brutal conclusion to the Hotline Miami saga, set against a backdrop of escalating violence and retribution over spilled blood in the original game.","When evil threatens the world, the world calls on Broforce - an under-funded, over-powered paramilitary organization dealing exclusively in excessive force. Brace your loins with up to four players to run ‘n’ gun as dozens of different bros and eliminate the opposing terrorist forces that threaten our way of life.",Ronin is stylish a turn-based action platformer following the exploits of a vengeful heroine determined to strike down five prominent figures of a powerful corporation.,"OlliOlli mixes addictive one-life gameplay with over 120 tricks and grinds across 50 deviously crafted levels, 250 Challenges, Spots Mode and Daily Grind.",Professional assassin turned amateur campaign manager Steve is charged with cleaning up the city by an anthropomorphic rabbit and mayoral candidate from the future named BunnyLord.,Set out on a cross-country journey to win back the love of your life and endure the hardship of making story-defining choices that affect your life and the lives of those around you.,"Dropsy is a non-traditional take on the classic point and click adventure formula starring the game’s perpetually carefree namesake clown as he explores a richly detailed world full of colorful characters and sinister secrets, doling out hugs along the way.","Amongst the annals of the Imperium, few warriors have reached higher honour than the Wolf Guard of the Space Wolves. Devastatingly ferocious in attack, immovably resolute in defence, these savage warriors have broken many foes down the long millennia.You can now command these fierce warriors and take on hordes of Genestealers.","As the Space Hulk, the Harbinger of Torment, emerged from the warp it is discovered to be on a collision course with the planet Baal. Several attempts are made to change course, but all fail. A team of the Imperium’s finest warriors is sent to the Harbinger of Torment to try and reverse the engines or stop them altogether.","1C Company and Digitalmindsoft present Assault Squad 2: Men of War Origins, the modern remake of the original bestselling Men of War RTS","Drox Operative is a starship action RPG with warring alien races, fierce space battles, a dynamic, evolving galaxy, and co-op multiplayer for Windows and Mac.Eons ago the Drox ruled the galaxy through their mighty Operatives. These elite starship captains were trained to accomplish the impossible at whatever cost necessary.",Experience 100% destructible environments with 56 different playable vehicles in roguelite isometric mayhem. Great Leader is dead: liberate Solo Nobre tonight.,"Darkwood is a unforgiving survival horror with a procedurally generated, open world. By blending RPG, roguelike and adventure elements together with a challenging difficulty, Darkwood aims to please players craving for a deep and rewarding experience.","A deep, tactical shoot'em up. With every takedown, you’ll earn cash and xp to upgrade your ship and unlock new abilities. Online and local co-op. Unique versus mode. Realistic physics and water simulation.",Skara is a Free-to-Play competitive team-based melee combat game placed in a fantasy world which future is influenced by players. Take your weapons and join the arena!,You are a computer hacker. You steal precious data while the world sleeps.,"Master difficult stunts, set the fastest times and let your Jet Car Stunts skills shine.",The #1 rated Xbox Live Indie Game. Halo-inspired. Destructible/constructible environments. Vehicles. Zombie survival. Hookshots. Infection mode: Be the zombie &amp;amp; eat the dead to level up your zombie abilities. We host 30-player games every week. Join us!,"FaceRig is a program that aims to enable anyone with a webcam to digitally embody awesome characters. The output can be recorded as a movie or streamed to Skype, Twitch, Hangouts or any service that traditionally uses a webcam in real time.","Play as a shark or a diver in a dark aquatic world and overcome your enemies by employing cunning, teamwork, and stealth. Depth blends tension and visceral action as you team up against AI or be matched with other players in heart pounding combat.","Tech Executive Tycoon is a simulation, strategy, role playing game that places you in the seat of CEO and entrepreneur of your very own tech company. Can you take your company to the top with top of the line products? Can you command a world class group of employees?",Influent is a Language Learning Game focused on vocabulary acquisition and pronunciation that gives players the freedom to choose the words they want to learn without the need for pencils or books!,"ViaCAD 2D/3D provides a seamless marriage of 2D and 3D design plus 3D printing, verification and preparation tools to help take your ideas to 3D realism.",99 Levels To Hell OST by Oldman 1. 99 Levels To Hell 03:39 2. Knight On Wheels - Boss theme 03:44 3. Big Red - Boss theme 04:23 4. Spider - Boss theme 03:03 5. Virus (Brain 1) - Boss theme 04:24 6. Wall Worm - Boss theme 03:39 7. Meat Balls - Boss theme 03:50 8. Tron (Brain 2) - Boss theme 04:44 9. Mad Pope - Boss theme 03:48 10.,"A darkness has fallen over the town of Lorwich. Monstrous hordes emerge from beyond the realm of nightmares to sow chaos on the land. As one of four heroes, you must battle the minions of the old ones with the force of arms, and the power of illumination.",Can you take control of a mail distribution company where your business will need to adapt to a growing city? Will you be able to handle the pressure of new delivery opportunities or are other delivery businesses step in to pick up the slack and impact your profit margin.,"Guide a powerful Lynx through vast open landscapes. Give birth to your cubs, raise and strengthen them by mastering your skills for hunting prey. Explore the wild beauty of nature and do everything possible to prepare your family for the vicious entities dwelling on the cold tundra.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game. In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the First Capital Connect Class 319 Loco Add-On.","Class 47 No 47484 Isambard Kingdom Brunel in Great Western Livery. The Class 47 - or 'Brush Type 4' - was the definitive second generation, mixed traffic locomotive of British Rail's time. Introduced between 1962 and 1967, there were to be many variations and upgrades throughout the ensuing 45 years to present day operation.","Notice: You must own the Southeastern Class 465 EMU Add-On before you will be able to use this add-on.Built following the dawn of sectorisation, as part of the ill-fated Networker program, the Class 465 was designed to revolutionise rail travel from Kent into London replacing old 4EPB Mk1 EMU’s to provide a faster and more stylish...","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the BR Class 421 '4CIG' Loco Add-On.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own The Riviera Line: Exeter-Paignton Route Add-On.","US Diesel Locomotives - Set 2This set contains 6 diesel locomotives in high detail, including sound and cabviews.Beautifully and precisely modeled with high resolution textures these models enhance your collection for any US layout.","MODELSET 1 for Railroad XThis MODELSET contains 63 individual models consisting of a railway station, houses, townhouses and barns.",A sequel to the popular Halloween adventure from Double Fine Productions!,"Westerado: Double Barreled. When your family is murdered by a mysterious desperado, you set out into the world to take revenge. Take control of your own fate and that of others, all using your trusty shooting iron.",Graviteam Tactics: Operation Star is a sequel to Achtung Panzer: Kharkov 1943. It’s an Eastern Front war game with solid graphics and sprawling battlefields that really emphasizes the scope of WWII tank combat.Want to step into the role of a commander in the very heart of Kharkov’s defense?,"A steam-ship period naval combat games focusing on fleet-scale battles in real time. The naval combat game allows you to set up battle squadron groups, their formations and management, with realistic ship models and characteristics, as well as advanced ballistic and weapon models.","Anmynor Puzzles is set in a world of magic where challenges await in the 100 levels that make up this adventure. Use and combine the abilities of 17 unique and charming characters, the Golems on a journey to gather all the Elemental Runes. Anmynor Puzzles is set in a world of magic and adventure.",The biggest installment of the award winning Sentinel sci-fi tower defense series now on PC!Take the fight to the alien homeworld and unleash a massive arsenal of weaponry. Get up close and personal on the battlefield in your power armor to execute devastating attacks and support your defenses! * An epic campaign across 20 levels.,"The definitive version of the smash hit Metroidvania-style action-platformer, Guacamelee! Super Turbo Championship Edition adds new levels, powers, challenges and refinements to the sprawling, ridiculous, Mexican-inspired adventure of the original.","Chip is an isometric puzzle game with robots, electricity and fancy dress! The player must help recharge Chip - a plucky little red robot - who has been imprisoned by the nefarious villain, Rust.","Canyon Capers is a retro style platform game brought right up to date, with tons of levels, modes, collectables and secrets.","In the bloody aftermath of ‘Z’ comes The Bitmap Brothers classic, “Z Steel Soldiers”: a new breed of robot with a taste for war and a warped sense of humour.","“Z”, the classic Real Time Strategy Game by the Bitmap Brothers. Fans of this classic strategy title are in for a real treat. Everything is in here from the terrific comedy cut scenes to the frantic game play making this is the definitive version of Z.",Get the Dragon’s Throne Stand-Alone Scenario and the two hour Official Soundtrack.,"Summoners have toppled empires and challenged gods. They are venerated as saviours and feared as destroyers. With rings crafted by the ancient Khosani, the gifted can call forth demons, dragons, and elementals, but only the strongest can control the forces they unleash.","Jump into the rich world of Warhammer 40,000 in this fast paced 3rd person action shooter. As one of the Emperor's Elite Space Marines you have been sent on a vital mission to assault a gigantic Ork Kroozer headed for an Imperial Forge World.","Space Run is a «real-time spaceship construction strategy game». Space Run takes the well-known Tower Defense-style gameplay and twists it, challenging you to manage and protect a spaceship and its cargo against the hazards of deep space!","Arma 3 Zeus is a new form of multiplayer where improvisation is the key to success. Inspired by popular tabletop games such as 'Dungeons &amp;amp; Dragons', this free DLC for Arma 3 enables you to assume the role of Zeus, a game master with the ability to curate the multiplayer experience of others.","In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the First Capital Connect Class 319 Loco Add-On. If you check in the in-game store it will verify if you own it before you purchase.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the EWS &amp;amp; Freightliner Class 08s Loco Add-On.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.R. &amp;amp; W. Hawthorn Leslie and Company, Limited, usually referred to as Hawthorn Leslie, was a shipbuilding and locomotive manufacturer.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.R. &amp;amp; W. Hawthorn Leslie and Company, Limited, usually referred to as Hawthorn Leslie, was a shipbuilding and locomotive manufacturer.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the EWS &amp;amp; Freightliner Class 08s Loco Add-On.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the EWS &amp;amp; Freightliner Class 08s Loco Add-On.",Embark on a journey no one has taken before! Your quest begins at the foot of The Great Pyramid of Giza and continues through the Egyptian sands to the mysterious Hanging Gardens of Babylon. Travel through the enchanting Mediterranean islands to the glory of ancient Greece as your voyage continues.,"In an all-new 7 Wonders, you’ll take a fantastic journey to some of the most enchanting sites ever dreamed of. With a team of master builders, you’ll match colorful runes to collect the building blocks needed for Camelot, El Dorado, Atlantis, Shangri-La, and many others.",No Man's Sky is a game about exploration and survival in an infinite procedurally generated universe.,"Exclusive Starter gearStart your journey off right with a set of exclusive gear that is not only powerful, but stylish as well. Contains a set of gear for whichever class you choose: Swift Warrior, Deadly Hunter, Frost Wizard, and Holy Light Priest.","Join with the Elders, the progenitors of the four classes, and join the battle against the evil lord Mallok and his children of calamity. The Hero of the Elders pack is just what any hero needs join forces with Calypso, Marat, Celestia, and Voltan and enter into the fray well equipped and prepared for battle.","You are responsible for the sensitive upbringing of your pet: You decide on the food, the composition of training courses, the grooming and decorating.",Do you sometimes dream of being a vet doctor? This dream can now come true. Build up your own practice -decide when to build which building and which patient to treat.,"You always wanted to run your own estate, decide yourself about the look of your stable and look after your own horses? With this PC game your dream comes true.","The Riding Stables at Mill Creek are mere ruins, but you are about to change that: stables, riding hall and guesthouse are being renovated and guests will happily pay for their stay...","Ride like a world champion! Breathtaking action, challenges in show jumping, dressage and cross country riding are waiting for your talent.","You alone are responsible for the wellbeing of these animals, entrusted to you by their owners, in your own carefully set up pet hotel. You can build up and decorate the pet hotel in a complete 3D world, as you wish, using exciting scenarios and different levels of difficulty, in order to be able to provide the animals with a secure...",A lot of exciting tasks and different pets are waiting for you! You will be in charge of caring for each little fosterling personally. The playful little pets will need a lot of attention when running around lumbering.,"An ancient prophecy proclaims… One day, the mighty dragons will seek new territory to claim as their own! The day has come! The prophecy has been fulfilled! Now, only the most courageous and just of leaders will be able forge a friendship between mankind and dragons!",Dark shadows are rising once again! Spirits are restless! For he has awaken!,"September 1st, 1939Germany launches its military invasion of Poland, igniting World War 2. Take command of the Blitzkrieg’s spearhead as you battle your way to the heart of the Polish nation, the Capitol of Warsaw, and beyond.","Welcome to the desert!The year is 1941 and you will lead the German Afrika Korps, and its Axis allies, into Libya and Tunisia during the North African Campaign of World War II.The reputation of the &amp;quot;Deutsches Afrikakorps&amp;quot; or &amp;quot;DAK&amp;quot; was synonymous with that of its first commander Erwin Rommel.","The spiritual successor of Allied General is here!The Allied Corps Campaign takes the award winning Panzer Corps game system and puts you in command of the Western Allies. Starting in the Western Desert and commanding the British 8th Army, the player takes on Italian forces with support from the German Afrika Korps.","Tango Fiesta is a top-down cooperative shooter for 1-4 players. Imagine the events from every single 80’s action film ever made actually happened to one guy - well you &amp;amp; up to 3 friends get to blast, shoot &amp;amp; knife your way through procedurally generated levels as the ultimate one (or 2, 3, or 4) man army!","FRITZ CHESS 14! The Ultimate Chess SoftwarePlay against FRITZ or play online at playchess.comFRITZ CHESS 14 is the most comprehensive chess program in the world. Whether you are new to the game or a Grandmaster, FRITZ 14 is suitable for all skill levels!","Toy Soldiers: War Chest is a fast-paced genre-bending mix of strategy defense and action gameplay that brings to life the iconic toys and action figures from your childhood. Lead from the strategic level, placing and upgrading turrets, or take direct command of your units and heroes to deliver assaults.","Mordheim: City of the Damned is the first video game adaptation of Games Workshop's cult classic tabletop game Mordheim. Set in the Warhammer World's decimated Empire city, Mordheim: City of the Damned is a turn-based tactical game where you lead warbands into bloody and lethal skirmishes.","Dwelvers is a real time strategy game where The player takes the role of an evil Dungeon Lord who guide its minions through building their own dungeon, below and above the surface. Manage elaborate production chains, cater to the needs and quirks of each monster and lead them to battles against other monsters and pathetic humans.","FATE fans! You asked for it and we delivered. FATE: Undiscovered Realms, the dungeon crawl-ier sequel to our classic dungeon crawler, is now available! Take up the quest to find a mysterious tome. Import your characters from the original FATE and start a new adventure today!",Join intrepid sailor and recent island castaway Mina as she explores the hidden secrets within the Jules Verne classic inspired Mysterious Island. Gather key articles left from the island’s previous inhabitants and combine them in unique and interesting ways to stay alive and stay hopeful for rescue.,"Mina’s rescue from the end of the first game is cut dramatically short and she and primate pal Jep are left again on the mysterious island to fend for themselves! Mina needs to dress her wounds and keep safe against the local wildlife, but now she has the assistance of the player controlled Jep who can fit in smaller spaces, move deftly...","VIDEOBALL is a sport everyone can play.We researched basketball, football, soccer, first-person shooters, and real-time strategy games. VIDEOBALL is a compact expression of all sports' mechanics.",Halo: Spartan Assault brings the excitement of Halo combat to Steam for the very first time. Battle your way through 30 action-packed missions against the Covenant as you explore the origin of the Spartan Ops program featured in Halo 4. *DirectX feature level 10 required.,"It is a time of war in Europe. Driven by new ideas of Enlightenment, the hearts of men and women across the continent are inflamed with dreams of freedom and glory. This is the moment for a military genius to forge himself a name to be remembered throughout all eternity. This is your moment.","Praetorians is set amidst the political machinations of an emerging Roman Empire. You will be transported back to the dusty battlefields of Egypt, the combat theaters of Gaul and finally to the heart of the Empire itself, Italy in the crusade to become Emperor.","Huge RPG in the 16-bit style (Final Fantasy, Breath of Fire etc.), featuring an epic, exciting adventure in a fantasy world and packed full of characters (more than 30!), quests and secrets.","Your battleships are fully loaded with the return of Battle Group. Command the war against advanced pirates with brand new Satellite Strikes and upgrades for your state-of-the-art battleships. As the commanding gunner of this advanced armada, it's imperative you stop a terrifying new foe our world has yet to fathom.","Whether you specialise in grain, fruits or even maintaining your own dairy farm, in Farming World you have the ultimate choice on how you shape your business. With dozens of seed types to choose from and an extensive stock market listing, you’ll have to adapt to become profitable.","Shiny the Firefly is a challenging platform adventure game. Journey through a mysterious garden as Shiny, a brave firefly on a quest to find his children, lost in a terrible accident. Master trials,solve puzzles and use your stealth to guide your children to safety.","You are John T. Longy, a night-watchman at JUPITER, a secret base, set in an old, partially abandoned research facility in a remote countryside location. JUPITER is the main laboratory of the OLYMPUS GROUP.","Mina Lockheart's dreams became unbearable nightmares. She dreamt about her grandmother Kate and their old family house being eaten by flames. One day, Mina decided to travel back to their family estate to make peace with her own memories and feelings of loss and loneliness.","Strange events are taking place in an isolated medieval monastery, set high in the Alps.",Strategists to the frontline!The HD remake of the Nintendo DS classic.Are you the strategist that the world has been waiting for?,"Kult is prequel to Shadows: Heretic Kingdoms originally released in 2005. It is isometric RPG with action combat, engaging storyline and unique RPG system. Kult has been very positively acclaimed by players and called as a sleeper hit by many...","About Love, Hate and the other ones is a puzzle game, in which you influence your surroundings by the force of Hate and the power of Love. Find a way through caves and ice, castles and factories, all by the might of your puzzling!",Conformity is everything in this lightning-fast platformer - get ready to shift your friendships each and every second!,The Voice Expansion Pack for MorphVOX ProWe have added 5 of our popular voice packs to give you 36 more voices in one convenient DLC!Deep Space Voices: 6 voices that will compliment any chatting in your favorite space game.,"Add six unique audio effects to your voice with the Special Effects Voice Add-On for MorphVOX Pro.Sound like you are giving orders over a radio, talking underwater, hiding out in a cave or just confuse your friends with some alien gibberish.","As the last of the DB V160 family of locomotives, the BR 218 was the backbone of the Deutsche Bundesbahn’s main line diesel locomotive traction from the 1970s up to the reunification of Germany, and is now here for Train Simulator.","The ‘Peak’ of British Railway’s diesel fleet comes to Train Simulator in original BR blue livery.Built by BR’s Derby and Crewe Works between 1960 and 1962, the Sulzer Type 4 diesel locomotive were the main passenger locomotives on the Midland Main Line from their introduction until their withdrawal in the early 1980s.","As part of GE Transportation Systems’ Dash 8 Series, the popular Dash8-40C is one of the most popular locomotives in the series, and is now available for Train Simulator.Built by General Electric between 1987 and 1992, more than 500 Dash8-40C locomotives entered service for a number of US railroad companies.","Packing 5,000 horsepower and a 20-cylinder engine, the SD80MAC was a regular coal hauler across Pennsylvania, and is now here in CSX livery for Train Simulator.Thirty units were built by EMD for Conrail between 1995 and 1996 and were the first diesel locomotives to use a 20-cylinder engine since EMD’s SD45 and SD45-2 models.","The diminutive Class 2F Dock Tank is here for Train Simulator, developed by MeshTools.The 0-6-0T short wheelbase tank engine was designed by Sir Henry Fowler for the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) who were responsible for operating lines on a number of docks.","As one of the largest classes of first generational diesel multiple units, the Class 101 is a favourite of early diesel fans and now available in Regional Railways livery for Train Simulator.More than 500 sets of the Class 101 were built by Metro-Cammell Works in Birmingham from 1956.","General Motors’ bestselling SD40-2 diesel locomotive comes to Train Simulator in Norfolk Southern black livery in its popular high nose, long hood variant.Around 4,000 models of the Dash 2 series locomotive were built between 1972 until 1989 as an upgrade to the SD40.","The beautiful landscape of the Rhineland-Palatinate comes to life in a stunning new route for Train Simulator. The 96 kilometre (60 mile) route between Germany’s fourth largest city, Cologne, and one of the country’s oldest cities, Koblenz, runs parallel to the west bank of the Rhine for much of the journey, giving passengers spectacular...","The final steam locomotive built for Union Pacific, the FEF-3, comes to Train Simulator from Smokebox with an extensive array of detailing and features.The FEF was a class of three steam locomotives built by the American Locomotive Company (Alco) and operated by Union Pacific Railroad.","The DB Class 103 operated by DB, was considered the flagship of the DB fleet for a long period. It was up until 1987 that this locomotive monopolized high speed trains in Germany. It is one of the most powerful conventional electric locomotives ever built, with a one hour rating of 10,400KW or 13,900HP.","Mountainous islands and volcanic plateaus command the beautiful new ‘The Story of Forest Rail’ for Train Simulator, with its unique story –based scenarios and stunning Japanese buildings.This stunning new route from Union Workshop bases its story on the now defunct Furusato Ginga Line with different station names and fictional towns –...","One of the Great Western Railway’s most iconic tank engines, the Class 14XX, comes to Train Simulator complete with GWR autocoach.Based on the ageing 517 Class, the first of the diminutive tank engines entered service in 1932 as part of the 48XX Class and designed for running autotrains when coupled to autocoaches on branch lines of the...","Based on the GP59, the first in the F59 Series – the F59PH – is a common diesel electric locomotive used by a number of North American railroads.The F59PH, built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division, offered a more fuel efficiency and more efficient driving conditions than its predecessors, and was first introduced by both Metrolink...","Arguably ‘the greatest railway journey in the World’ comes to Train Simulator, featuring stunning scenery and an all new Class 37/4 diesel locomotive, developed by Thomson Interactive.The original West Highland Line between Glasgow and Fort William was opened in 1894 by the North British Railway, with the extension from Fort William to...","One of the smallest classes of diesel shunters built for workings around one of the UK’s largest dockyards is now here for Train Simulator, developed by Skyhook Games.The diminutive 0-6-0 Class 07 shunter was designed specifically for use within Southampton Dockyard and to replace ageing tank steam locomotives used previously in the...","PLEASE NOTE: Train Simulator is not required to play this game. The people of New Town are totally unaware,Of a place you imagine only if you dare,Trainsylvania is a spooky and frightful land,In which the Count of Monster Disco has a mansion so grand.",Soak up the sun in the new Miami - West Palm Beach route for Train Simulator and drive the commuter rail line under cloudless blue skies from Mangonia Park to Miami Airport.The 70 mile (114 km) long route runs parallel to the Southeast Florida coast and has 18 stations along its length.,"As small mixed traffic branch locomotives, the Great Western Railway’s Prairies were diminutive workhorses of the railway network, and are now available for Train Simulator from Victory Works.The 2-6-2 tank engines were introduced to the GWR in 1904 with the 4400 Class, primarily for use on the railway’s numerous hilly branch lines.","PLEASE NOTE: Train Simulator 2015 is not required to play this game.The naughty group of garden gnomes,Have taken presents from people’s homes,Hidden around the garden high and low,Will you be able to find them with all that snow?","One of Germany’s most modern diesel multiple units speeds into Train Simulator, with the ICE TD joining the popular ICE fleet.Following the successful introduction of the Intercity-Express system across Germany in the early 1990s, Deutsche Bahn started plans to upgrade long distance services with higher speeds and raise comfort levels...","The F40PHL-2 diesel locomotive is perfect for commuter services in sunny South Florida, and is now here for Train Simulator, complete with bi-level commuter coaches and driveable cab car.The F40PHL-2 is among the most unique and fascinating locomotives found in the U. S.","The famous General Electric ‘U-Boat’ comes to Train Simulator in two distinctive Seaboard liveries.General Electric introduced its “Universal Series” diesel road-switchers in 1959, and over the following two decades more than 3,500 “U-Boats” - as the locomotives were nicknamed – were constructed.","The modular TRAXX locomotives from Bombardier have become one of Europe’s most widespread family of locomotives and includes the BR 185.5, now available for Train Simulator.Bombardier’s TRAXX family (standing for Transnational Railway Applications with Extreme Flexibility) is a modular product platform of electric and diesel-electric...","At a time when US locomotive builders were vying for more horsepower, General Motors’ Electro-Motive Division introduced the new generation GP30 that was later to become a hugely successful diesel-electric locomotive for many US Class I railroads.","One of England’s most important main line railways comes to Train Simulator, joining the UK’s capital city with the Home Counties commuter towns to Bedford.The Midland Main Line was built in stages between the 1830s and the 1870s, and originated as three railway lines which met at the Tri Junct Station in Derby, which were later to...","The 98 mile long West Highland Line between Helensburgh and Fort William is arguably one of the most scenic railway lines in the British Isles.The line was built by the West Highland Railway and opened in 1894, giving Fort William a vital link to Glasgow and the rest of the UK.","One of the most innovative, efficient, and unique diesel locomotives in service on today’s US railroads is now available for Train Simulator – the CSX NRE 3GS-21B ‘GenSet'.Built by National Railway Equipment since 2006, the 3GS-21B has proven itself the most successful of the growing number of GenSet locomotives, which are distinctive in...","The iconic Class 180 ‘Adelante’ speeds into Train Simulator in distinctive Grand Central Trains livery.The five-car sets were built by Alstom at their Washwood Heath plant between 2000 and 2001 for First Great Western, who wanted to increase the frequency of their express services between London Paddington and South Wales, and became...","The General Electric P30CH, affectionately nicknamed the “Pooch,” was among the first all-new diesel-electric locomotives built for Amtrak, and is now available for Train Simulator.Nicknamed after the similarities in its P30CH designation, the “Pooch” locomotives were designed around General Electric’s 3,000-horsepower U30C, but with a...","Slam door multiple units were a much loved and classic sight on the UK capital’s rail network from the 1950s onwards, and now one such unit – the Class 415 ‘4EPB’ – comes to Train Simulator, perfect for the South London Network route.","The Chengdu to Suining route from Just Trains is a modern high speed passenger route in Southwest China, based on the real route with many enhancements. The route is 146km in length and trains on the route are capable of running at 350 km/h. The fastest train takes only 33 minutes to finish the journey.","One of Germany’s most strategically important rail lines comes to Train Simulator, bringing the splendours of The Rhine Railway to life and featuring one of Europe’s largest freight marshalling yards.The Rhine Railway runs from Mannheim to Rastatt, via Karlsruhe, and was opened in 1870 as an alternative route to the Baden Mainline.","One of the most powerful single-engine diesel locomotives in the World comes to Train Simulator, the General Electric AC6000CW.The 1990s saw a huge horsepower race between North America’s two major locomotive manufacturers, GE Transportation and Electro-Motive, both keen to harness an anticipated demand from the railroads for...",High-speed Chinese rail services were first introduced in 2007 and operated with existing CRH (China Railways) rolling stock running on existing lines which had been upgraded for speeds of up to 250 km/h (160 mph) and on newer dedicated high-speed track rated up to 350 km/h (220 mph).,"Master the controls of the last surviving Peppercorn A2 Class locomotive, Blue Peter, and return this famous locomotive to the rails in Train Simulator.The Arthur Peppercorn designed A2 Class locomotive is the sole survivor of the 15 locomotives in the class, built at Doncaster Works between 1947 and 1948.",The Class 442 ‘Wessex Electric’ (or 5WES) electric multiple unit (EMU) was introduced in 1988 on the South Western main line between London Waterloo and Weymouth. Their introduction coincided with the completion of the electrification from Bournemouth to Weymouth.,"The distinctive Baldwin RF-16 with ‘Sharknose’ design comes to Train Simulator, from Digital Train Model.In 1948, Baldwin Locomotive Works began to apply a new ‘Sharknose’ body style to its cab unit diesel locomotives, partly to differentiate Baldwin locomotives from its competitors, but also to distance the new locomotives from early...","One of the most versatile German electric locomotives, the BR 120, is now here for Train Simulator in distinctive Deutsche Bahn ‘Regio’ livery.The BR 120 was originally designed to replace the impressive BR 103, and was one of the first electric locomotives to feature three-phase motors, as widely used throughout modern electric...","Some of the north east of England’s oldest and most important railway lines come together in the stunning new Weardale &amp;amp; Teesdale Network route for Train Simulator.The broad network of railway lines connected some of the north east’s largest town and cities with collieries across the Pennines, with the first line opening in 1825 that...","The classic Class 105 diesel multiple unit comes to Train Simulator, perfect for the stunning Weardale &amp;amp; Teesdale Network route.Built by Cravens of Sheffield between 1956 and 1959, the Class 105 operated throughout the UK on branch lines and rural services in East Anglia, North West and North East England, and also parts of southern...","In Full Metal Frenzy the racing mayhem that is Gas Guzzlers Extreme continues with new maps, new cars and new power-ups not to be missed!","A Zombie apocalypse has taken over the hi-octane GAS GUZZLERS EXTREME universe ! Normally this would be bad news for humanity, but not for you ! Armed to the teeth in your rig, and with insane power-ups littering each arena, you should be more than capable of obliterating the hordes of the undead.",Your exciting adventure continues!The Adventurer's Journey II Music Pack features 20 orchestrated tracks from D. C. Kairi Sawler that will surely give your games some new ambiance! Everything from Egypt to Japan and back again!,"True to the spirit of the whimsical characters of the early console RPG, this second pack of 50 battlers by artist Tyler Warren brings to life a fresh new set of opportunities for any professional or amateur game creator.","Season your games with new music for battles, towns, dungeons and more!Take a trip on the lighter fantastic with these upbeat and adventurous tunes! A whimsical dungeon delve, two exciting battles, peaceful town music and a rousing theme round out the collection.",What's an adventure without some hidden places to explore?,"Sportsfriends is a compendium of award-winning local multiplayer games. Featuring: retro-styled fighting in BaraBariBall, QWOP-like pole dueling in Super Pole Riders, high-velocity passing in Hokra, and, on Mac and Linux, face-to-face sparring in Johann Sebastian Joust.","Combining its own unique take on the real-time roguelike genre, with a nostalgic 16-bit look and feel, Diehard Dungeon is a game that feels both familiar and quite different at the same time. Followed by a trusty, treasure collecting companion chest, you must make your way through the dungeons many randomly-generated rooms and levels.","Shantae: Risky’s Revenge – Director’s Cut brings hair-whipping, belly-dancing to your PC! Play one of the most critically acclaimed handheld series of all time, now with brand new features!","Mars Colony: Challenger is a 3D first / third person game that offers you the challenge of setting up a remote base on the surface of Mars. At its core, the game was derived from a simulator where everything is interactively tied together.","While we get closer to the release of TUG ver 2.0, we will be taking the project down from steam. Thank you to everyone that has helped us in play and testing for ver 1.0.",Now you can own and operate your own auto repair service with PlayWay’s Car Mechanic Simulator 2014.Car Mechanic Simulator 2014 gives you the behind the scenes view of the daily dealings at local garages and dealership repair shops.,"Contains the soundtrack from both Warlock - The master of Arcane and Warlock 2 - The Exiled, totally 25 songs.Warlock - The Master of Arcane includes following songs:CreditsMain ThemeThe Humans - Part OneThe Humans - Part TwoThe Humans - Part ThreeThe Monsters - Part OneThe Monsters - Part TwoThe Monsters - Part ThreePocket WorldThe...",&amp;quot;Dynasty Warriors 8: Xtreme Legends&amp;quot; introduces entirely new levels of fun to the refreshing gameplay vanquishing swarms of enemies with mighty warriors found in &amp;quot;Dynasty Warriors 8.,"This 360-degree shooter/platformer hybrid lets you choreograph a ‘dance of destruction’ in insanely spectacular battles and set-pieces. RIVE feels like the explosive games of yore, pumping megapixels in true 21st century style.","EARLY ACCESS OFFER - THIS DLC IS INCLUDED IN THE GAME ABSOLUTELY FOR FREE INSTEAD OF $3.99 USD REGULAR PRICE!Don't hesitate, join the Early Access right now!This extra Human Pack DLC offers to enhance your game experience in The Sandbox through the 60 extra levels of 4 new Campaigns!","Sound Forge Audio Studio is the easiest way to record, edit, process, render, and play audio files.",ACID Music Studio is the perfect tool for loop-based music creation in studio quality.,"A Story About My Uncle is a first person platforming adventure game about a boy who searches for his lost uncle, and ends up in a world he couldn’t imagine existed. The movement is a crucial part of the games core gameplay – focusing on swinging through the world with a grappling hook that gives the player a wonderful sense of speed and...",You are a spider. Craft webs of your own design to trap insects and leave the mysterious Blackbird Estate covered in cobwebs. This unique blend of action-puzzle gameplay takes you on a dark adventure through an abandoned mansion built by a secret society.,0RBITALIS is a satellite launching simulator with a retro-puzzle style. Launch your satellite into orbit and go head to head with the dominant force that formed the entire universe: Gravity.,"Life under the rule of the winged Skyborn race isn't so bad for Claret Spencer, the star mechanic of an independent repair shop. She can patch up just about anything...but when a certain cravat-wearing customer turns her life upside-down, she finds herself pulled into an epic, city-wide conflict that's going to take a lot more than elbow...","With the Masters of the World modding tool, create your own geopolitical scenarios and share them with other players !","With the Geopolitical Simulator 2014 Edition add-on, take the plunge into in-depth simulation with this new data set for January 1st, 2014. Plus, thanks to the integrated God'n Spy game mode, you can play the sorcerer's apprentice by changing key values or by creating events at any moment!","A vampire mage has acquired a magical relic with the power to enslave humanity. Are you brave enough to stop him? Take to the high seas and explore a massive world. Your goal: unlock the gate to Naylith, a mystical land filled with ancient knowledge, and hopefully the answer you need to defeat the vampire.","Two classic Wonderswan games, now on PC! Battle the mysterious Judges in Judgement Silversword. Cardinal Sins is a score trial marathon, based on the theme of the Seven Deadly Sins. Will you face Judgement?","In this extensive old-school RPG, explore countless unique places, defeat tons of enemies and complete richly developed quests. The game features addictive gameplay and an adventure worth about 40H of playtime.","A-Train is back, and better than ever. The biggest and best city builder, transport simulation game returns with a host of new features.","Labyrinthine Dreams is a short puzzle game about overcoming the scars of the past and following the right path, even in the face of overwhelming challenges.","An episodic retro-style fantasy RPG set in a world on the brink of annihilation with non-linear gameplay and far reaching choices. Will you be able to save your people, or will your legacy be a dark age from which the world can never recover?","TinyKeep, a top-down procedurally generated dungeon escape game with permadeath - you die and it's game over. Master the frantic physics-based combat, lure enemies into traps or make them fight each other for dominance. There are many ways to survive in TinyKeep!","KR-17 is a 32-bit, story-driven, side-scrolling action puzzle-platformer which follows the story of a military robot on a mission to subdue a rogue agent operating out of an installation on the planet Valiant. It will be the first in a multi-genre series of games centered around the story of Terrius, KR-17's home.",Europa Universalis IV: Native Americans II Unit Pack contains new unique unit models for ten Native American tribes. Mikmaq Potawatomi Chickasaw Miami Navajo Mohican Assiniboine Ojibwe Fox ShoshonneThis DLC adds unique flavor to the North American continent and enhances the visual experience of Europa Universalis IV.,"Europa Universalis IV: Colonial British and French Unit Pack contains 16 new unique unit models for British and French colonial troops.The armies of Great Britain, England and France will receive a new, more rugged look while in the New World.","Europa Universalis IV: Muslim Advisor Portraits contains new, unique advisor portraits for the Muslim cultures.A total of 21 new portraits, created by the talented artists at Paradox South, will enhance the visual experience of playing as a Muslim ruler in Europa Universalis IV.","The original soundtrack to the game InFlux, by composer Jonathan Yandel.","LA Cops is a fast, action packed 3D top down shooter set to a theme of 70s Cops in LA trying to do a tough job in a tough town.","Spaceforce Homeworld, missile hell of epic proportions, with PowerUps and Reinforcement Calls will bring back the nostalgia of classic retro arcade shooter games. For hundreds of years humans have searched for an answer to the eternal question: Are we alone in the universe? Get armed, kill the enemy.",Angvik is a platform action game set in a joyful but unforgiving land.,"In this turn-based strategy game, players wage interplanetary wars by developing their home planets and firing massive artilleries through the unpredictable gravity fields of the planetary system.","Side-scrolling mech-shooting bad-assery is BACK!GIGANTIC ARMY is a heartfelt homage to 16-bit era mech shooters such as Cybernator / Assault Suits Valken, Metal Warriors, and Front Mission: Gun Hazard, developed by the studio behind the acclaimed shooter SATAZIUS.",Sanbox multiplayer building game with additional game mods,"A large scale fully openworld RPG full of fast-paced action, dungeon crawling, with single or multiplayer adventures! Fight plenty of ferocious monsters, collect masses of loot and take on ancient lost puzzles within the depths of Caspartia!","Extend your gaming experience with the new official extension for Farming Simulator!This DLC contains new equipment of the Lindner brand!Once downloaded, the additional contents will be available in the shop of the game. Be sure to have sufficient funds to buy the machinery.",The Great War is a turn-based grand strategy game based on the epic struggles of the WWI era. Experience the battles of attrition and punishing artillery barrages. Play as any nation of the period as the modern world of industrialized warfare replaces an age of kings with a struggle of ideologies.,"Ultionus is a love-letter to the home computer arcade games of the late 80s and early 90s, with colorful 2D visuals, catchy chiptune music by the legendary Jake 'Virt' Kaufman, and 7 stages of hard-as-nails gameplay.","Richard and Alice are prisoners. Both their cells have a leather sofa and a state-of-the-art computer. But only Richard’s has a TV. Outside, the snow falls. It has done for some time. Elsewhere, they say, parts of the world have been rendered an inhospitable desert, the earth parched and cracked. People live in the zones now.",A multi-band distortion audio effect available as a 64-bit VST plug-in for Windows.,Jill’s grandparents are deep in debt and the dastardly Cliff Gold is eager to foreclose on their home. Her only chance to raise the money they need to pay him off is to win the gardening contest.,"For Sommerlund and the Kai! Lone Wolf is back with an exclusive storyline, stunning graphics and a deep combat system. Make meaningful choices and carve your own path.",Discover the best handball simulation! Become a handball champion playing the first simulation with 120 official teams from the 3 most prestigious leagues. Play as your favourite players and experience breathless matches with up to 4 players at the same time!,Abalone® is an adaptation of the famous multi-million selling board game!,"A will of steel, a heart of stone, intelligence as sharp as a knife, and wisdom as deep as oblivion. Play a remorseless character to live an original story inspired by the famous novel of Valerio Evangelisti.","This fast, fun and challenging sci-fi game is truly like no other 3D racer, it will make you cry JUST ONE MORE TRY! Race through beautiful procedurally generated 3D space-scapes or a set of 13 hand-crafted challenges that will put your skills to the test.",Enjoy the uncluttered and peculiar aesthetics of Pretentious Game and plunge wholeheartedly into a poetic and deep story.,"A cargo ship carrying a valuable collection of artwork for the Metropolitan Museum of Art sinks. A few months later, one of the paintings resurfaces in Hungary. Will you be able to solve the mystery of the Dragon?","Devil's Dare is bloody a smash up parody of everything from the 90s, pitting the manliest video game heroes against the badest monsters from your favorite horror movies. It's the final result of what would happen if everyone from that decade came together to create a baby, a baby that just so happens to grow up to be a beat'em up.",Rise up from the ashes of turmoil and anarchy to rule over a land fragmented into petty fiefs. Now is the time to take control. Now is the time for greatness.Crusader Kings II: Rajas of India is the sixth expansion for the critically praised strategy/RPG Crusader Kings II and will focus on Eastern Persia and India.,"Crusader Kings II: Turkish Unit Pack Enhance your Crusader Kings II experience with the Turkish Unit Pack. The Turkish Unit Pack adds seven new, unique unit models for Turkish rulers.Crusader Kings II explores one of the defining periods in world history in an experience crafted by the masters of Grand Strategy.","Crusader Kings II: Turkish Portraits DLC Crusader Kings II: Turkish Portraits contains thousands of unique face combinations for male and female characters of the Turkish cultures, including Cumans, Khazar, Karluk, Pecheneg and Bolghar.","Crusader Kings II: Songs of IndiaCrusader Kings II: Songs of India contains three new songs, totaling over 10 minutes, created by the talented composer Andreas Waldetoft.These grand songs run while playing as Indian characters to enhance the players experience and to enrichen the atmosphere of the game.","Wealth of Nations is the second expansion for the critically praised strategy game Europa Universalis IV, focusing on trade and how to make the wealth of the world flow into your coffers.",Europa Universalis IV: Muslim Ships Unit Pack adds 12 new unique ships for Muslim nations.,"Europa Universalis IV: Trade Nations Unit Pack adds 16 new unique models. Aragon, Genoa, Novgorod and the Hansa will each get four new model, enhancing the visual experience of Europa Universalis IV.","Res Publica is the third expansion for the much lauded strategy game Europa Universalis IV, that introduces new and unique ways to rule over your populace and govern your nation.","The world of Nimoa is as beautiful as the morning dew, but only at first glance. Under the surface of hills and fertile valleys lurks an old and eternal evil. Living as a mould, stretching threads through an infected area like deadly toadstools. The center of this &amp;quot;being?&amp;quot; deep in the under world is the giant daemon, Skarborr.","ParticleGen is a flexible and highperformance tool for the creation of multifaceted 3D particle effects in real-time. Thanks to numerous professional features like Interactive real-time previews and the exact setting of parameters using curve diagrams, the program is ideally suited for DTP, video compositing, post processing, software...",Save the feuding kingdoms!,The Hardcore Package 2 DLC for Hacker Evolution brings you 2 new levels designed for gamers who like a challenge that is harder than the original game. Ingeniously designed and taking advantage of the new game features introduced with the recent updates (such as more console commands) these levels are guaranteed to push your skills to...,The Hardcore Package 2 DLC for Hacker Evolution:Untold brings you 2 new levels designed for gamers who like a challenge that is harder than the original game.,"From the studio that brought you Master Reboot comes a first-person story-driven adventure puzzle game, set in the beautiful, haunting cyber-world of Elysia. Collect unique hand powers, discover multiple endings and choose your own destiny as you unravel the mystery of your digital afterlife.","The Infinity is the largest spaceship ever built by mankind; flung into the void of space to secure humanity a new home amongst the stars. However, instead of discovering paradise, the inhabitants of The Infinity unlocked the door to a long forgotten nightmare.","Every world needs its heroes. However unlikely they may seem. Join Wilbur, Ivo, Nate and Critter in another classic point-and-click adventure in the wicked world of Aventásia. Help them fulfill their destiny. A destiny as yet unwritten.","May 10th, 1940The Maginot Line, shield of France and the battleship on land, was supposed to be impenetrable, but the Germans have a secret and daring plan aimed to topple their old enemy! Import your experienced troops from the first campaign, or start with a pre-generated brand new core and lead your forces to victory.","1941The largest invasion in the history of the world, Operation Barbarossa, is about to begin! Before it can, however, the Balkans must be secured! Take command of your forces once again and lead them to victory in this next installment of the Grand Campaign!","1942Poland, Norway, Belgium, Holland, Luxembourg, France, Yugoslavia, and Greece. All of these nations have fallen under occupation, and it was assumed that Russia would quickly join their ranks. Not only has the Russia Bear survived the invasion of 1941, but its winter offensive is still in full swing!","Europe 1942Set during WWII on the Western Front, Germany is now facing the Western Allies as they engage in campaigns of hit and run raids to gather intelligence and probe their costal defences for weaknesses.","Soviet Union 1943The war on the Eastern Front continues! Following the stunning reversal at Stalingrad, the Wehrmacht seeks to regain the initiative in the East with fierce counterattacks lead by brand new Panther and Tiger tanks!","The Eastern Front 1944The debacle at Stalingrad called into question the Wehrmacht's ability to win the war, but did Kursk confirm they would lose it? Or can the vaunted German Panzer Corps turn the tide at this critical hour?","The Western Front 1944The Allies are returning to Europe, and with them opens a Second Front! Call up your veteran troops to continue the Italian campaign, or start from scratch as your forces battle across Western Europe against the Allied invasion.","The Eastern Front 1945As Soviet forces close in from the East, the Wehrmacht prepares its forces to defend East Prussia, Poland, and the home soil of Germany itself. Take command of your forces once again and prepare to face the might of the Red Army head on in the final battles of World War II!","The Western Front 1945Surrounded by enemies on all sides, the once mighty German Wehrmacht faces ultimate defeat on the eve of 1945. Little do the Allies suspect that deep underground in secret bunkers, German scientists and engineers have built an arsenal of wonder weapons to turn the tide of the war!","Bridge Constructor Playground offers people of all ages an introduction to the topic of “bridge building”. This game gives you the freedom to let your creative side run riot – nothing is impossible. Across 30 innovative levels you have to build bridges over deep valleys, canals or rivers.","Gunjitsu is a fast-paced platform shooter with grappling hooks, rocket launchers, guns and grenades! Kill your opponents or race them for the fastest time. Inspirations from old platform shooters gives Gunjitsu a classic feel while modern tech takes it to a new level of frantic action!","Get ready gunslingers, your Wild West pack is here. Containing 54 new cowboy era blocks, you can create the most epic showdown of a map ever. Just be sure to create your own matching skin and gun to go with it!","Create your perfect aquatic landscape with this premium block pack. Containing 45 brand new blocks and a new coral reef themed skybox, you can develop your own underwater paradise full of life and color.",Get ready to spelunk in this premium deep cave block pack. Create the perfect cavern with 56 new blocks.,"Conquer the forces of Death in A Wizard’s Lizard, an action RPG for Windows, Mac, and Linux. Explore ever-changing dungeons, filled with powerful weapons and items. Battle back the hordes of evil. Rescue villagers to improve your town and increase your power for your next trek into the dungeon.","Traverse through rich, detailed environments, recruit colorful characters and fight your way through dangerous hordes of enemies in this exciting old-school RPG incorporating 40 quests, 26 secret rooms, 8 animal kings and countless of secrets and items to discover.","Aragami is a third person stealth game that casts you as an undead assassin with the power to control the shadows. Teleport to any shadow, become invisible, materialize weapons or even summon a shadow dragon to infiltrate the enemy ranks and dispose of your targets.","Experience the thrills of a fast-paced single and multiplayer Parkour game. Join the Rebellion and deride the security forces of an anti-leisure tyranny. Rise up to the many challenges of a futuristic Open World. Assemble your team, enhance your gear and perform incredible tricks and combos.","In this fully 3D, real-time space flight simulator, you will play a pivotal role in the war between the United Earth Alliance and a vicious alien threat known as the Revi. Strap into the cockpit, get your joystick ready, and join the fight in this retro space sim inspired by the games of the '90's.","Creeper World 3 is what happens when cellular automata takes over a strategy simulation. Instead of discrete units that attack your base, a fluid-like substance spreads over the terraformable terrain. Your base, your weapons, your strategy... you must adapt them all.","Reunite the kingdom of Adventuria and defeat the evil Illusionist Miraj by recruiting Adventurers to send on Adventures for epic loot and rewards in this RPG/Management Sim with tons of depth, randomization, and customization options!","Take on the role of captain managing your crew and fleet across the galaxy. Every star and planet holds untold riches and dangers. Each encounter will require skills in trading, diplomacy, and combat. Allocate power to engines, charge all weapons, and take on the worst the galaxy has to handle.","Uprising44: The Silent Shadows[/b] combines third-person action play with real-time strategy. It is a unique combination of the two modes of play, and has an in-depth and interesting story-line which has not yet been used in WWII computer games – the greatest civilian Uprising against Nazi occupying forces – the Warsaw Uprising.","Pulstar is a fast paced arcade game that brings back the basic of its genre. No nonsense, just kill as long as you can to gain the highest score as possible! This concept gives Pulstar the challenge and high replay value real fans of this genre need!","KRUNCH is a quick-reflex game about escaping, survival and the fear of being closed-in. Escape more than 100 claustrophobic levels spread across 4 zones, survive 3 challenging boss chases, conquer one frantic race to freedom!","Progress with every slain monster, learn over 80 skills through talents, craft hundreds of items, and explore vast procedurally-generated worlds in this ever-expanding sandbox RPG!",Manage a team of ghosthunters and free London from paranormal terror in turn-based battles. Develop your own strategy and build your business well.,"Classic Japanese style vertical manic shooting action! Shoot, dodge and explode your way through the second entry in the critically acclaimed Danmaku Unlimited series. Battle through nail-biting bullet patterns and compete for dominance on the global leaderboard!","Bloodlust is a dungeon crawling / action RPG experience that will allow players to explore the dark underworld of a forgotten society of Vampires and their disciplines, all while trying to battle for hierarchy among the clans in search of their sire.","Fiesta Online is a unique free to play anime MMORPG played by an active and friendly community. In a magical and colorful world, players assume the role of a fantasy hero and brave powerful enemies and challenging quests. With regular updates and more than 115 levels, hundreds of hours of gameplay content await you!","Dark Shadows - Army of Evil takes you back to September 1362. A horde of monsters has been ravaging the country like a plague of locusts for over a year. While you were away doing your knightly duties of catching a runaway horse, the monsters stormed the castle, injured the king, and kidnapped Katarina, the love of your life.","Krita Gemini is a painting application which adjusts to your needs - with a powerful, feature-rich interface on your PC, and a streamlined touch-friendly sketching interface on your tablet or convertible. With a range of tools and features suitable for novice or professional artists.","Imagine Earth is a real-time planet simulation and a build up strategy game. Your job as a space colony manager is to explore and populate distant planets. Build up thriving and profitable colonies on a global scale and trade resources and goods into space. Deal with allies, threats and enemies.","Aperture Tag: The Paint Gun Testing Initiative is a Portal 2 Mod. It's time to think with Gels! The Portal-Gun is gone, but the testing must go on! Grab the Paint-Gun Device and solve brand new test chambers in ways you've never solved them before!",An adventure as big as your imagination.,"Foosball - Street Edition is a 5 VS 5 arcade football game, that puts you in the control of 9 teams of foosball players, each one with unique skills and abilities. Enjoy playing football with awesome characters in crazy locations!","Ghostship Aftermath takes survival horror to a new level with random events and multiple story-lines. Your survival skills will be put to the test on a huge open-world military spacecraft with limited light and oxygen as you struggle to discover what happened, and fight to stay alive!","Run, Rush, Haste, Burst Speed has never been pushed this far. Jump, Charge, Dodge, Slide You just slipped and got crushed! You can’t handle T.E.C 3001 yet… Try again until speed holds no secrets for you.","Battlepillars is a real-time tug-of-war strategy game in which you command caterpillars armed to the teeth with flamethrowers, sticky honey, mines, machine guns, and more!","Reversion is a science-fiction Point&amp;amp;Click Adventure Game developed by the indie 3f interactive. Inspired by classics of the genre. You will be propelled to a desolate future, robbed of your memories and looking desperately for a clue to understanding your predicament.","The Batch Converter Plug-In is a professional plug-in to MorphVOX Pro that allows morphing of a number of files at one time.This plug-in allows you to easily select your source files, assign voices, select a destination and convert.It is that easy to morph hundreds of files!",The Text-To-VoIP Plug-In for MorphVOX Pro allows you to speak over the Internet or soft-phone using customizable text-to-speech voices. This plug-in is helpful for people who cannot speak with their own voice or who would like a text alternative to communicating with voice.,The Voice Splicer plug-in for MorphVOX Pro will allow you to morph multiple voices from a single audio file. Experiment and tweak a voice and apply it to your recording until you get just what you want.,"When Blobolonia is threatened by an evil Emperor, the blob comes to Earth looking for help. Instead, he finds a young boy. Help the blob dethrone the evil Emperor that's terrorizing Blobolonia and establish a friendship with the blob that will last a lifetime.","The original video game femme fatale, Rayne, has returned to battle and feed in a brand new hack ‘n slash adventure. Slay ghastly enemies as Rayne, the sexy dhampir with superhuman strength, speed, and agility, recruited by the vampire hunting Brimstone Society for one last mission.",Find some of the greatest unsolved treasures of our time!,"The rules of engagement are simple; if they are armed and they’re shooting at you, they are the “bad” guys and you have unrestricted license to let them have it… The only thing keeping you and your buds from harm is your weapon, you’ve got plenty of ammo and you don’t have to pay for it.","Compete over 13 challenging and diverse environments using whatever means necessary to batter and bruise your opponents into submission, and claim victory for yourself!","“Us And Them - Cold War” is a turn-based strategy game about cold war that you can play either as CIA or KGB. Although it is a game of territorial expansion, the rivals do not attack their opponent using military force. Instead they are using an army of Spies, Assassins and Experts of various kinds (like economy, technology etc.","Urban myths are stories that may or may not have been believed to be true. Unlike most, some are actually based on real events. One of them, takes place in a haunted forest, near a cemetery, on the borders of a city, near you.",An epic struggle for control!,Deal another deadly blow to fascism!,Destroy the Demon and locate the lost Crown of Peace!,"Disciples GOLD takes the phenomenal gameplay, stunning graphics, over 100 spells and a powerful scenario editor of Disciples and adds new scenarios and gameplay features that set the new standard in Turn-Based Strategy.","Warlock 2: The Great Mage Game!You have played the game – now read the book! This first-ever novel set in the rich Warlock universe, written by acclaimed fantasy and sci-fi author John Helfers, tells the story of the Great Mage Miralbus “the Hat” Card and his unlikely companion Nicolas Frost, a former Great Mage himself.","D.W.A.R.F.S. is an abbreviation for Dapper Wacky Although Rather Fierce Squad. Welcome to the Magic Forest! Whenever there is trouble, every single animal, big or small, can count on the dwarves’ help. Although it may seem like the squad prefers relaxation to work, the dwarves are the greatest rescue unit in the Magic Forest, and they...","Realistic air combat is waiting for you, in some of the most intense dogfights of the Cold War era!",Agarest Zero - DLC Bundle #1Bundle #1 contains the following three packs:Daily Extension Pack:Carrot swordSuper scallionLollipop stickClassic kettlePot lidKaopectateFormidable Pack:Chickapede alertMan fistDrying typhoonPaw bootiesGaspodeExtra Points Pack 3:1000000 Gold750 PP2500 TP500000 EP,Chaotic War PackContains:Rage BlasterVajra RodAltis Rod99 MagnumEpsilon RingThe L Family PackContains:oden daggerRed thrusting hellLe crusherThe maidinatorExtra Points Pack 4Contains 50000000 gold and 50000000 Ep,Tomorrow's Hero PackContains:Leonhardt's swordTenma SwordAlfa Beld SpearDestructorIssei FubiParochial MegasuitSchie's Bargain PackContains:Wiether wurstIce creamDeshimaruBrother StaveHIROKO'sExtra TP Pack Contains 2500PP and 20000TP,Halcyon Days PackContains:LoofahInjector MaximusThe SluggerGeometer and robe of DiogenesSupreme Weapon PackContains: Sac. Vie RougeLangguth SwordHakken MeteorOmniscient RodGate of HellExtra PP Pack 1Contains 10000...,Prosaic Bonus PackContains: Sword of ChaosSigil WingCore ElementalAvian LapbandChickapede CharmApostle of Wind PackContains: ZefalonRebellionLegendary PawWind of CarillionExtra PP Pack 2contains 10000 PP,"Agarest Zero - DLC Bundle #6 New Forbidden Book 1, New Forbidden Book 2, New Forbidden Book 3","Agarest Zero - DLC Bundle #7 Unlock Gallery, Unlock Voices, Unlock Expressions, Unlock Movie Gallery",A ground-based RTS prequel to the classic Homeworld games. Assemble your fleet and lead them to victory on the shifting sands of Kharak in this compelling strategy game for PC from Blackbird Interactive.,"The award-winning adventure continues in Banner Saga 2! This epic, story-based, role-playing game continues its emotional journey across a breaking world. Bold leadership decisions, wise use of resources, and skillful battle tactics are vital to ensure your viking clans make it through alive.",An ancient evil force has emerged from the portals and threatens the balance of both worlds! Only the Avatar stands a chance in defeating this new threat!,"Imagine you could move mountains - literally! With realistic physics, Norse runes, rotating platforms and a lot of gray cells you'll help Munin, Odin's messenger in her very own 2D-adventure, to reclaim her power on a journey through Yggdrasil.","The life of a Blackguard: Learn how Takate became the enslaved gladiator and seize the day to take revenge on everyone responsible for the forest man's suffering. Untold Legends, the first DLC of Daedalic Entertainment's successful turn-based strategy RPG Blackguards, continues the main story line with seven new exciting quests.",The Super Motherload OST is an electronic score inspired by Edmonton-based producer Eric Cheng's favourite sci-fi/horror themes and synth-pop hooks.,"An explosive homage to SNES-era platformers from the makers of Stealth Bastard Deluxe, Explodemon is non-stop action mayhem like you've never seen before.","4PM is a short, narrative driven game, made by one person as an attempt to tell a real, thriller story in the form of an interactive experience. It has high production values and a cinematic style. It is, with your support, a first in a series of smaller, narrative driven experiences, that spare no expense on audio-visual style.","The second chapter in one of the most loved and respected Japanese shooting game series ever: The Tale of ALLTYNEX by Japanese indie developer SITER SKAIN. Carefully crafted play experiences, destructive fun, and absorbing gameplay have made the ALLTYNEX trilogy renowned in shooting game communities.","Create your own &amp;quot;Royalty Free Commercial Assets&amp;quot; using over 20,000 graphics for video game development.","Splatter is a top-down-shooter with a film-noir singleplayer campaign, challenging fights against all kinds of monsters, gory splatter effects and destructible level environments. Fight your way through an apocalyptic city in the single player story mode, and then test your skills in the survival mode.","Are you afraid of the big bad Woolfe? Step into the boots of a vengeful Red Riding Hood in this twisted-fairytale platformer. Defeat deranged fairytale bosses with your trusty axe, explore a gorgeous fantasy universe and piece together the truth behind the mysterious passing of Red’s father.","Explore a vast galaxy full of wonder! Paradox Development Studio, makers of the Crusader Kings and Europa Universalis series presents Stellaris, an evolution of the grand strategy genre with space exploration at its core.","Carmageddon is the original freeform driving sensation, where pedestrians (and cows!) equal points, and your opponents are a bunch of crazies in a twisted mix of automotive killing machines. The game features anarchic drive-wherever-you-like gameplay and over-the-top surreal comedy violence. It’s the racing game where racing is for wimps.","The world's first high-speed internal organ liberation simulator is back in full 3D! The slaughter is bloodier, the body parts fly further, and the destruction is heavier. Crash and burn through the 3D rendered crowds with the pedal to the metal.","Rip, jump and scrub your way to victory with over 35 tracks in this vastly extended version! Only the Encore edition features the brand new Rhythm Racing mode, extra outdoor Nationals tracks, and exclusive Waypoint races in open world maps.","In This War Of Mine you do not play as an elite soldier, rather a group of civilians trying to survive in a besieged city; struggling with lack of food, medicine and constant danger from snipers and hostile scavengers. The game provides an experience of war seen from an entirely new angle.","Download the Black Edition Pack to receive the Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG Coupé Black Series car, Black Edition White Ravenwest liveries, 20 Black Edition online livery patterns and 10 new premium sponsors with objectives.","Download the Boost Pack and accelerate your GRID Autosport progression in career mode and online. Gain a boost of approximately 50% more XP in career mode and around 50% more XP, Vehicle XP and in-game Cash when you race online.",Download the Premium Garage Pack and gain access to five additional garage slots to expand your online car collection.,"As Leon, the world’s most dangerous bounty hunter, you embark on a mission to slay the world’s weirdest creatures, and save a girl from an awful marriage.","From the creators of Amnesia: The Dark Descent comes SOMA, a sci-fi horror game set below the waves of the Atlantic ocean. Struggle to survive a hostile world that will make you question your very existence.","Build and command a fleet of starships and travel between planets as you explore, build, negotiate, and fight to preserve your vision for humanity.",Wing IDE is an integrated development environment for the Python programming language.,"Drox Operative: Invasion of the Ancients is the first expansion for the unique action RPG Drox Operative. Adds ancient invasions, space stations, persistent galaxies, Scavenger race, Drox Guild quests, new Talon, Legion, and Overlord monsters, 19 playable subraces, and much more.","Future Perfect breaks down the barrier between having an idea for a game, and playing it with friends. The Future Perfect interface allows you to create, play, and share multiplayer games quickly and easily.Games created with Future Perfect are published on Steam Workshop. You can browse, rate, and download games that interest you.","SuperPower 2 is the only global geopolitical simulation game which allows players to control entire countries. Players control countries in 3 major areas: political, economic and military, but this time, in a beautiful real-time 3D environment.","From the legendary series that founded the online shooter genre comes the most exciting, energetic, and fast-paced shooter on the Internet. Play against players around the world in over 100 arenas, and a dozen game modes, in one of the most competitive shooters online today. Welcome to Quake Live.","Don’t Starve: Reign of Giants is an expansion pack that adds new characters, seasons, creatures, biomes, and other challenges to Don’t Starve.The entire world of Don’t Starve has been expanded and is now even more uncompromising! New mysteries, challenges and scientific innovations await your discovery.","This sequel to Castlevania: Lords of Shadow reveals the story of the Belmonts as they battle destiny across generations to discover their true fate. Trevor Belmont, knight of the Brotherhood of Light, embarks on an epic quest to avenge his mother who was killed by his father Gabriel.",This is not going to be a typical shift at the distribution center. Something sinister is creeping through the aisles and climbing the racks of this devilish depot and it’s up to you to battle this zombie apocalypse!The warehouse floor has been transformed into your arena - so toss out the safety rules and standard procedures!,RollerCoaster Tycoon World™ is the newest installment in the legendary RCT franchise. This next-generation theme park simulation and building game includes fan-favorite features along with incredible new advancements!,"Massive scale 4X-RTS set in space. Control hundreds of planets, manipulate galactic politics, research numerous advanced technologies, and command thousands of units and hundreds of planets in your quest for galactic dominance.","The Battle of Sol is an intense space action game where you participate in epic capital ship battles, thrilling dogfights, space station raids, and much more as you liberate humanity's solar system from enemies determined to bring us to its fiery end.","Stranded after his ship is destroyed in deep space, Harrison, a lowly maintenance worker and our hero, must struggle to find his way home... LOST ORBIT centers around the exploration of space. Players take control of a lone astronaut (Harrison) who sets off on a dangerous journey to rejoin his civilization, armed with only an improvised...","Keeping games fun! Play fair with the leading third-party anti-cheat client for Counter-Strike, used in competitive leagues and tournaments. The EasyAntiCheat eSports client is required for joining those game servers.",Warring States Tactics is a turn-based battle strategy game set during the Warring States period of Ancient China. The game will include a full single-player historically-based campaign as the State of Qin attempting to unify all of China.,"Organic Panic is a physics based action puzzle platformer. Completely destructible levels, and dynamic reactive liquids! Play as the Organics take on the Meats &amp;amp; Cheese cronies! Over 200 levels!","Simple in concept, but very challenging and rewarding,Circuits is a puzzle game that requires careful listening to complete each level. The goal of Circuits : piece together the different parts of a song. Sounds easy, but maybe not.","Stick 'Em Up 2: Paper Adventures is a run'n'gun/platform game of stick figure characters fighting through beautiful paper and card levels. Fly across city rooftops firing rockets from a helicopter, leap between pirate ships with a sword, race buggies on the moon, and more!","100% Orange Juice is a digital multiplayer board game populated by developer Orange Juice's all-star cast. Characters from Flying Red Barrel, QP Shooting, Suguri and Sora come together with all-new characters to duke it out... with dice.","Masterspace is a game about mining, creating and exploring, featuring fully destructible environments and spaceships that allow you to travel between different planets. Use explosives to mine metal ores or watch your newly constructed home get smashed to pieces by a meteorite impact.",What wonders await those brave enough to follow the alchemical path of magic? FaeVerse Alchemy is a puzzle game where you combine like elements to form greater elements in an effort to create the most powerful elements of all and get the highest score possible.,"Packed with fast-paced, turn-based RPG action, fourth-wall-breaking, trope-demolishing dialogue, and more item, weapon, and costume customization than you can shake a Lvl. 1 Stick at, Gamindustri is a world set on turning the concept of the JRPG on its head!",Atajrubah is an Arabian inspired survival game.,"Set during the events of WW2, Strategic War in Europe is a classic turn-based strategy game that combines a deep strategic layer with accessibility and ease-of-use.","Set during the early events of World War 2, Fall Weiss is a new successor to the Panzer General","Paper Dungeons is a fantasy board-game boosted by online content. With the ability to create and share online your own levels, you're up for an infinite replay value! The game is visualized as a classic tabletop board-game with dice and tokens, and has 4 game modes: Boardgame, Campaign, Puzzle and Rogue.","Lucent Heart is a free-to-play MMORPG with an emphasis on relationship building between players. Whether players decide to search for ancient treasures or dance the night away in Thereall City square, a magical and action-packed journey is no less than expected in the lands of Acadia.",The Kingdom of Oukoku is threatened by the spicy influence of General Tso. Citizens have placed their hope in a small knight who fits the requirements of ancient legends. Which path will the Chibi Knight choose...,"Colonies Online is an open MMO-sandbox, set in the distant future on the far reaches of space. Players unite as colonists to explore vast territories of far-out planets, fight with alien monsters and search for rare resources to build their new home in the outland.",House of the Dying Sun is a tactical space shooter that puts you in the cockpit of the universe's most terrifying starfighter. Hunt the enemies of the Empire and bring ruin to their people.,"A writer has died. His daughter seeks the help of you, Ord Salamon, to find his secret last novel. During the search, questions will emerge. Did her father really kill himself? What is the secret novel all about? What is going on at the island of Fardo?",Spoiler Alert is a video game that tests your platforming skills… in reverse. It’s a comedy platformer that you play backwards.,Experience a true classic! This Gold edition includes the original Jagged Alliance plus the add-on Jagged Alliance: Deadly Games. Take a trip into retro land and learn why this is considered to be one the best turn-based games of all times.,"It is a misty evening in the year of our lord 1912. The Pattersons, a poor but proud aristocratic family of the British nobility, and some of their closest friends, arrive at the castle Malachi residence of a wealthy Romanian Count.","Thousands of years ago six demon kings, known as the Revenants, ruled the world with an iron fist and bloody swords. Donning the bodies of mortal vassals, they could live in the realms of man forever. The great hero and warlock Harbinger was the only one who could stand up to their power.","Desert Thunder is an arcade-style action tank game for the PC. Ripped from today’s headlines, the storyline immerses players into the heat of a desert-based military conflict. Players will tear through desert, urban and industrial settings in their experimental battle engine, the Abrams M1A6 Advanced tank that’s loaded with awe-inspiring...","In Eurofighter Typhoon, you are flying the famous Eurofighter on top of Iceland to fight against Russian troops which invade the country and prevent the outbreak of World War III. Quickly outnumbered, the ICEFOR has been abandoned by NATO but has been able to deploy a small number of the new Typhoon aircraft.","In this follow-up to the hit Marine Sharpshooter, you'll be a lone operative fighting to restore democracy in an African country. The President of Burundi has been taken hostage by rebels and mercenaries.",Prepare for one of the most action packed-shooters in PC gaming history! Every level is full of enemies and targets for you to destroy! You will become a soldier of the alien species and protect your home world from the forces of the Human armada.,"CT Special Forces: Fire For Effect will feature unique missions in the fight against worldwide terrorist networks. The game also benefits from a cutting-edge engine as well as a specific physics system. For the first time in this genre, physics will have a major impact on how you play the game.","Welcome to the Underworld, where you guide Mutt, the bad luck Litil Divil, through the Labyrinth of Chaos to retrieve the Mystical Pizza of Plenty. Our “hero” takes a fateful step through the Mortal Portal to prowl five hellish levels of treacherous tunnels with more than 50 raucous rooms of gameplay.","In this addictive adaption of the award winning original boardgame, you will travel around the globe to save the inhabitants from their abusive Zoo owners.","Abigail Hildegard, daughter of the leader of secret order, once she was told that her father disappeared. She should go to the family estate, headquarters of the Order, to find out what happened.","With IHF Handball Challenge 12 users can experience the fascinating sport of handball on their PC. Up to five players can compete for national and international trophies in the TOYOTA Handball- Bundesliga, the Spanish Liga ASOBAL or the IHF World Cup.","European Cities brings a multitude of brand new structures to Cities in Motion 2.This entirely new expansion gives you control of a new setting with an old world feeling. A campaign inspired by bustling metropolitan areas leads you on an adventure tackling the transportation conundrums in cities inspired by Liverpool, Prague and...","From the dazzling lights to the cacophony of sound, a casino adds a bit of thrill to any project.","JSM Party Themes features 6 incredible themes that can be used to bring an extra special touch to your characters. From mercenaries and wandering nomads to dreaming bards and royal queens, this pack is filled with memorable melodies.For more musical themes by the same musician, check out JSM Futuristic Music pack.","Versatility is what the Casual Wear Set is all about!This pack contains 44 sets of clothing, divided equally between male and female. A large variety of clothing is provided, ranging from skirt fashions to long-sleeve styles to camouflage outfits!",What's more fun than a great day at the beach? Making a fun comic about your seaside adventures!ComiPo! Swimwear collection is filled with bits and pieces you'll need to create the perfect beach scene. A large variety of swimsuits ensures that your manga characters will have the swimsuit look that suits their personality.,Are your ComiPo! characters ready for some fun in the sun? They certainly will be after you pick up the Summer Uniform &amp;amp; Sportswear Set!Summer Uniform &amp;amp; Sportswear set was created with sunshine in mind. Uniforms with short sleeves and gym clothes are an essential staple in making your manga scenes seem more real.,"A new milestone in simulation: Citybus Simulator Munich, the successor of the popular City Bus Simulator 2010 - New York, covering the complete 100 line also known as the museum line. Starting at the main Rail Station Nord it passes 22 museums and other sightseeing spots to conclude its journey at Munich´s &amp;quot;Ostbahnhof&amp;quot;.","Transformed is the famous bus line M42 which goes from Hudson River to East River on 42nd street, one of the most known streets of New York City.","Volume 2: &amp;quot;U7 - Berlin&amp;quot; is the next release continuing the successful product series &amp;quot; World of Subways&amp;quot; introducing famous subway lines around the world to all subway enthusiasts. After Vol. 1, Vol. 2 contains the route U7 of Berlin`s subway.",World of Subways&amp;quot; is our series of the most interesting Subway and Underground routes of the world for the PC. After the releases of New York and Berlin we are now proud to introduce Vol.3 - London Underground.,Rabbit Hole 3D: Steam Edition is a minimalistic retro puzzle game. The game features 3D word puzzles based on Chapter 1 of Alice in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll. Players must navigate through keywords from the book’s initial chapter.,Climb into the pilot's seat of an otherworldly war machine and take down a genocidal alien race bent on eradicating humanity to preserve their own civilization.,"Does NOT contain an actual Goddess!The Time Goddess' Treasure Pack updates Half Minute Hero: The Second Coming with new, sexy quests for both REVOLUTION and RAGNAROK. There are new titles to earn and new items for the Goddess Room, too!",MP3 and FLAC versions of the Frozen Cortex soundtrack.,A big bundle of nervous_testpilot and chiptune music and some special in-game customisation items.,More in-game customisation items and a special Frozen Synapse inspired team.,"Centuries have passed since the events of RefleX and mankind has once again attained civilization. Now, ancient technology born of a twisted mind sets in motion a chain of events designed to bring divine retribution down upon mankind.","The year is 2192AD. 40 years ago, the Stellar-class All-purpose Administrative Computer ALLTYNEX suddenly attempted to enact genocide upon mankind. Commandeering armies of unmanned weapons, ALLTYNEX enacted a massacre so terrible that within only 72 hours of the start of the incident, approximately 85% of the world's population had...","A Heroine must stand against the forces of frost and put an end to the lasting winter. Her might, sorcery, and cunning may be humanity’s last resort. Heroine's Quest: The Herald of Ragnarok is a retro styled adventure/RPG hybrid with atmosphere and spirit reminiscent of the classics. Are you up to the task, or will you die trying?","What does it take to be in a parade? Hard work, a bright shiny chassis and a little help from your friends.","Help underwater detective Freddi Fish and her finny friend Luther solve the case. Explore underwater caves, deep canyons and colorful reefs, and discover fascinating places like King Crab's Castle and A Sunken Ship Out of Time, in an effort to save the reef.","There's no reason to be afraid of the dark. Fed up with his fear of the dark, Sam transforms himself into Pajama Sam - world's youngest superhero and resolves to confront Darkness! With help from King the mine car, Otto the boat, and a host of fascinating characters.","The super-suave agent, SPY Fox, must find Mr. Udderly, rescue all the cows, and stop William the Kid from depleting the worlds supply of milk. Using ingenious SPY gadgets, keen wits, and daring moves, SPY Fox, jumps out on an udderly exhilarating adventure!",Help Putt-Putt® bounce his pal Pep into the air to pop colorful balloons--some filled with hidden surprises!,Dive in to help Freddi Fish and Luther navigate a labyrinth of underwater caves and collect the scattered kelp seeds!,"The Inner World - Original SoundtrackEnjoy the songs and melodies of The Inner World and explore Asposia with your own senses. Close your eyes, meet your favorite characters and enjoy the journey through the unique sounds and music tracks of the bizarre world in the universe of soil!","Dethroned! has MOBA elements mixed with RTS and tower defense genres. The player controls a hero character, builds defenses, trains troops and engages the opponent in quick intense matches. Between matches the player acquires and equips new items and builds combinations of them.",Lost Squad — fan-made Source Engine based game in Half-Life® 2 universe about what happened to Barney Calhoun after Half-Life® 2: Episode One events and why he was not in Half-Life® 2: Episode Two,"Manage interstellar pioneers and their descendants in this detailed sci-fi colony sim. Centuries after planetfall, colonists are still struggling to gain foothold on their lush and alien planet. You settle on the frontier by carefully managing resources, production and different personalities.","Majestic Nights is an episodic action-adventure-thriller set in an alternate 1980s where all conspiracy theories, past and present are True. It’s the bright and brash 1980s; a world crammed with hidden intrigue and sinister plots, government cover-ups and alien sightings, CIA experiments and the Truth.",A dynamic soft-body physics vehicle simulator capable of doing just about anything.,"Guide three sociopathic apprentices through an open world filled with caves, castles and underground cities as you search for your kidnapped teacher. Discover countless secrets, loot hidden treasure troves, and decapitate your enemies. Or immolate them. Or smack them in the face with fruit.","Dodge flamers breathing scorching fires and deactivate paralyzing Tesla machines as you guide wacky robots trapped in treacherous labyrinths to the exit! Plan each escape with precision as every single robot shares linked controls hindering a simple escape plan, even for the creators of the game!","Diadra Empty is a free-roaming shoot-'em-up on a grand scale. Take the role of Nyalra and her faithful dragon Minimi in a fantastical quest to save her missing sister, and battle legions of monsters and menacing bosses.",Maize is a first-person adventure game about what happens when two scientists misinterpret a memo from the U.S. Government and create sentient corn. And that last sentence is pretty much the least ridiculous thing about the game.,"Manipulate the look, sound, and feel of more than a dozen mesmerizing landscapes in this immersive musical adventure through space and time.","Ultimate farmers' showdown now return with brand new machines, events and terrain!",Something ancient and evil is stirring in Victorian England. Only you can stop it. Journey to the brink of madness and beyond as you set forth alone into the dark.,"It's been weeks since anyone last saw the Viking men of the village of Borja, and young Tyrim is determined to set forth and find them. Wielding his crafting and combat skills, you’ll set sail on the Mad Goat across the seas to uncover the world of Nygard’s mysteries, collecting fabulous relics, uncovering forbidden secrets and magic,...","Harness the vast potential of the sea by constructing waterborne structures around your island. Build brand new off-shore alternatives to defence, food, energy, entertainment and even housing!","Tropico 5 expansion &amp;quot;Espionage&amp;quot;, only you, as El Presidente, can keep Tropico safe from enemy spies and foreign powers who might try to steal your island’s best kept secrets for their own gain.",DeadCore is a Platformer-FPS blending exploration and speedrun. Become immersed in a futuristic and dreamlike adventure which will see you climb a huge Tower born from the void and truly put your capabilities to the test. Will you be able to reveal the secrets that lie beneath this fog-ridden world?,The Titan Pass gives you every piece of content that is currently in Dragons and Titans as well as all new content for the upcoming year for one low price.,Start Conquest with all 3 Release Set Heroes! This pack can only be purchased once. This DLC Pack includes: Gorin Stoneshaper Hero from the Stonehold Faction Krak Ironbark Hero from the Briarwood Faction Blight Mistmantle Hero from the Embercult...,Want to try them all? Start Conquest with all of the Heroes from the release set and the 1st expansion! This pack can only be purchased once. This DLC Pack includes: Buliwyf Stormstrike Hero from the Stonehold Faction Gorin Stoneshaper Hero from the Stonehold Faction Mua Tidewalker Hero from the Briarwood Faction Krak Ironbark Hero from...,"Start your Conquest battles with plenty of ammunition with this social DLC that contains every single card from the Release Set, including all 6 Heroes and their 6 Starter Decks! Get a head-start building your own unique deck strategy with every Rare card in the game. This pack can only be purchased once.","Play solo, or draft in a loyal friend for epic Co-op action. Use everything at your disposal in order to eliminate the mutant army and put a stop to their evil before it spreads across the universe.","Counter-Terrorist Anniversary DLC PackCelebrating the first full year of Tactical Intervention's public operations this DLC offers Counter-Terrorist enthusiasts an exciting collection of unique weapon skins, equipment and character skins.","Terrorist Anniversary DLC PackCelebrating the first full year of Tactical Intervention's public operations this DLC offers Terrorist sympathisers an exciting collection of unique weapon skins, equipment and character skins.",Get a jump on the competition with this Beginners Pack for Continent of the Ninth Seal!Starter Pack includes:TPop Star Gear SetSoul: Prelude to the Storm[30 days]Premium Service[7 days]5 Training Experience Boosts (each boost last 1 hour)Inventory Expansion Scroll (1 scroll expands 6 inventory slots)Town Travel + Lv.,Take a deep breath and find your fiancée who went missing in the dark abyss of the ocean.,Find the missing woman lost in a mysterious Carnival of Horrors.,Let one of the most thrilling adventures of your life begin!,Enter Ravenwood Park and discover the secrets hidden in the mists…,"Answer the siren`s call and defeat the cruel Mayor Murray and his pet sea monster, the Kraken",Learn Davy Jones’s secrets in order to defeat him in the final battle!,Unburied secrets burn like wild steam – nothing is what it appears!,"Enter an enchanting world of legends and magic, where your destiny was written in blood and whispers of true love.",Save your missing friend and reveal the corruption of the town’s citizens to stop an evil plot to bring the evil Snake God back to our world.,Discover what connects a lost ship’s disappearance with Devil’s Island and a local family’s unsolved murder.,"Purgatory is a magical, fantasy based multiplayer fps with RPG elements. Learn a multitude of spells, level your avatar and increase your powers, battle in a variety of environments all held in the realm of purgatory.","Action-packed death racing, this is what Speed Kills is about! Traditional, isometric, powered by Unreal Engine. Players compete in various championships, ranging from bootleg rallies on the outskirts of the galaxy to big-league circuits set against the goliath skylines of metropolis cityscapes.",Pixel Puzzles: Japan combines traditional jigsaw puzzle style gameplay with light video-game interactivity.,Project Root the Shoot’em up Evolution.Project Root is a classic shoot’em up with open scenarioswhere the player's skill will be the key to survive.,"Solarix is a science-fiction stealth/horror game, set in world that overpowers you with unease, insecurity, and desperation, forcing you to confront your own role in the horrors to come.",&amp;quot;Showtime!&amp;quot; will allow you to control and build your very own movie studio from the ground up! As a newcomer to Tinseltown it will be your job to create movies your audiences want to see as well as develop new technology to stay relevant in the film industry.,‘Between Me and The Night' is a surrealist action adventure game that walks the thin path between sanity and madness. Take on the role of a young boy and explore and interact with the mysterious house in which he lives.,Fight off troops of droids for freedom and honor in this new tower defense game - RoboWars! Lead the forces of the Solar Union to protect the peaceful planet of Praymos from the aggressive Trade Confederation.,Have you ever dreamed of running your own car company? Do you often find yourself drawing vehicle designs on the margins of your papers? Ever wondered what it would be like to be the next Henry Ford or Enzo Ferrari? Now you can with GearCity.,"Battleplan: American Civil War introduces you to fastplay wargaming, a new kind of strategy game experience. Take command of either Confederate or Union troops and fight your way through eleven of the American Civil War’s most famous battles.",The full soundtrack for Card City Nights * All tunes comes in uncompressed wave format * Also includes CD cover art,"Reclaim the Lost Kingdom brick by brick! Join Bilbo Baggins, Gandalf, Thorin and his company of Dwarves in an epic adventure across Middle-earth to recapture the Lonely Mountain in the most expansive LEGO game to date.","RollerCoaster Tycoon Deluxe takes you for a ride in the original RollerCoaster Tycoon and its expansion packs, Corkscrew Follies and Loopy Landscapes. Create the ultimate theme park using a variety of coaster types with giant loops and barrel rolls and in-park attractions like suspended monorails and water-soaked plume rides.","This compilation includes the entire RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 series, with the original game as well as the Time Twister and Wacky Worlds expansions.","Kingdom Elemental takes core game play elements from real-time strategy, tactics, and role-playing games and combines them into a game that is easy to pick up and play. It is designed to be lighthearted and humorous with fun, re-playable game play. Try out the Destiny Mode and challenge levels for more variety.","Soundtrack to Tower of Guns composed by Mike Mirabello. Contains over thirty tracks of ToG-Music, nearly 90 minutes. Soundtrack includes bonus unused tracks!","On the Road – the realistic truck simulator for the PC by the developer Toxtronyx is currently in an advanced stage of development. Use the Early Access phase to tell us about your own wishes and ideas, while being able to explore Germany’s roads already – for a discounted price!","A thousand years of peace are shattered by betrayal, political upheaval, and war. Play as the hero Carrion Iblis, as the story of Siegfried, the Empire's true successor, plunges the world further and further into darkness.","Prepare yourself for an insatiable rain of bullets, bombs, and beams in Crimzon Clover. From Japanese indie developer Yotsubane, this retro top-down shooter is a wild ride you won't want to miss out on.","From the crypts and dungeon depths to the arctic tundra and molten volcanoes, creatures stir and come forth giving rise to terrible obstacles for players to overcome. Great games need great monsters, and that is what this pack delivers!",Pixel Myth: Germania is a charming and unique set that will appeal to all pixel-art fans.,"Looking for music to accompany your perfect farm or quiet farming village? The Simple Life is composed with rural atmosphere in mind.Created by Elijah Mills, this music pack is perfect for creating the idyllic atmosphere of days spent on a bustling farm.","The award-winning 36-track Official Soundtrack for Corporate Lifestyle Simulator (previously, &amp;quot;Zombies.","In the game you become not only a witness to history, but a powerful and cunning army commander as well. You will lead forces of one of the following European countries: Russia, France, Germany, Austrian Empire and Britain through five campaigns which vary due to the real historical role of each participant.","In a post-apocalyptic wasteland of diesel and dust, bandits and mobsters rule the last remaining cities, controlling all vital trade routes and destroying any hope of a return to a lawful world.","Drive the most powerful truck and destroy every opponent that you’ll find on the road or go to the multiplayer mode and decide who is the king of the highway, among your friends.","Among the Sleep is a first person horror adventure, in which you play a two year old child. After waking up in the middle of the night to mysterious sounds, you start exploring the dark looking for comfort.",,The world’s first MOSA (Multiplayer Online Sports Arena) is now available on Steam Early Access!,"Galactic Command Echo Squad SE is a high-end and very challenging space/planetary combat game. It offers a thrilling campaign, instant action combat sessions as well as a sandbox mode allowing you to explore the game's universe while battling hostile Insurgent forces among others.","Galactic Command Echo Squad SE is a high-end and very challenging space/planetary combat game. It offers a thrilling campaign, instant action combat sessions as well as a sandbox mode allowing you to explore the game's universe while battling hostile Insurgent forces among others.","Add a little flair to your trickshots with this pack, more power, less power, loop-the-loop - the choice is yours!","Kitty Powers’ Matchmaker is a hilarious dating simulator with a difference. Manage your own matchmaking agency with the guidance of your fabulous boss, drag queen diva Kitty Powers!",Braveland is a turn-based game inspired by old-school strategies with hexagonal battlefield. You will start as a humble warrior's son whose village was cruelly raided and will end as talented commander of your army.,"Run, jump and butt-slide into the glorious toy-filled world of Action Henk! Become a master of momentum and defy physics as you race against a band of ragged 90s action figures to once and for all prove that Action Henk is the fastest of them all!","A retro shooter with a new power: the power to become any ship.Lost in the depths of space, you are a being of pure psychic energy with the uncanny power to take over and control anything you see in order to survive.Built for PC, Enemy Mind lets you battle your way through 70+ waves of challenging enemies.","Gang Beasts is a silly multiplayer party game with surly gelatinous characters, brutal mêlée fight sequences, and absurd hazardous environments. Support for online multiplayer game modes is in beta with online multiplayer support for 9 of the 16 local stages in the current stable Early Access build.","TerraTech is an open-world, sandbox adventure game, where you design and build your own creations through a mix of crafting, combat and discovery. Explore a hostile alien landscape, or design with creative freedom. The choice is yours.","One of the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful arcade games of the 1980s is back in its Classic pixel perfect 2D form, and a re-imagined Reboot version with state of the art 3D game-play and graphics that remain faithful to the original concept.","The frantic old-school action of classic coin-op shoot-‘em-ups comes crashing headlong into the 21st century. Explosive high-octane blasting combines with hordes of enemies in a 360˚ environment – fly, spin and shoot anywhere and everywhere!","Lead the revolution with an army of flamethrowing Boars, mustard gas-lobbing Skunks, and paratrooper-puking Owls. Tooth and Tail is a Real-Time-Strategy game featuring Single Player, Online Competitive Play, Split Screen, Replays, and more. Build a base, lead your army, eat your enemies!",Fight for your life in the INDIE SCI-FI FPS game fit for both casual and hard-core gamers with a passion for hunting down hordes of zombies. Prepare yourselves for the incoming nightmare!,"Thinking with Time Machine is a Portal 2 mod in which you will find and use a Time Machine to create a twin of yourself from the past to help you solve the puzzles. The past self accurately repeats all of the player's actions, creating a unique twist on familiar Portal game mechanics.",You Have to Win the Game is a free exploration platformer with a retro 1980s PC aesthetic.,"Challenging and fast-paced with a modern twist on old school RPG battle systems, QuestRun is unlike anything you have played before.","Narrative exploration game located in a massive, post-human Western Washington. Navigate an open world that has been reclaimed by nature. Use journals, letters, zines, and other documents to learn the interconnected stories of the people who lived here once.","Tabletop Simulator is the only simulator where you can let your aggression out by flipping the table! There are no rules to follow: just you, a physics sandbox, and your friends. Make your own games and play how YOU want! Unlimited gaming possibilities!","ReignMaker: Saving the World One Tower at a Time. ReignMaker is a match-3 game with tower defense, city building, and political strategy elements. Your policy decisions determine the fate of your city and the direction of the story. Your match-3 and tower defense skills determine the fate of the world.","In the peaceful town of Reja there live three best friends: Hoston, Alina and Edessot. Young and curious, they want to go on a herb-seeking quest to help cure Hoston's father's illness. Little do they know ...","As a rookie musher, foster a dogsledding team whose skills will grow if they're treated right. Week by week, get to know your dogs' unique traits, and carve your story into the trails of the Mount St. Something region.","fault is a series of Science Fantasy Cinematic Novels using a unique 3D Camera system for a visually immersive reading experience. Follow Selphine, the bubbly Princess and her sharp-witted Royal Guardian, Ritona, on their journey of a lifetime back to their homeland of Rughzenhaide.","Steel Armor: Blaze of War is realistic tank simulator with tactical elements. The game models Soviet T-62 tank and US M60A1 tank in detail. Each tank has interactive cockpit with crew. Player controls a tank, and commands a tank platoon and attached forces in 4 large scale dynamic campaigns.","Oknytt is a point-and-click adventure game where the player takes the role of a small, seemingly insignificant creature, leading it through a dark world filled with beings and areas inspired by Swedish folklore, to help it find a place to belong.",FarSky is a short survival game in the depths of the Ocean. Collect all the pieces of your submarine and reach back the surface.,The ex-priest James Murphy answers a mysterious call for help from his friend Cristoforo. The disappearance of a briefcase containing compromising documents convinces James that his friend is a victim of something sinister. The Vatican's involvement inspires James to get to the bottom of this mystery...,Simple. Elegant. Challenging.,"Three ships, ten planets, thousands of people in danger and millions of meteors between them and you. Rescue as many as possible in a race across the whole solar system and make off with as much salvage as you can in this fun &amp;amp; frantic little home-made sci-fi action-strategy game!","Enter a dark, captivating world as the massive evil of Black Mirror Castle is reincarnated with over 100 atmospheric locations to explore and 40 different characters to interact with. Will Darren's search lead him to redemption or the hell of insanity?",Help Darren continue his search to uncover his clouded past. What do his torturous nightmares really mean? Who is the mysterious person that posted the bail to set him free? What demons lie waiting in the crypt?,"What secrets do these souls share with Kate Reed, a struggling writer hoping to recapture her past success? These lost souls cannot move on. To save them, you must guide Kate between these mind-bending worlds as you explore the House of 1000 Doors.","By the horns of your helmet, this is a Viking adventure you'll never forget! Join two brothers as they set off across a battle-scarred kingdom to drive off savages, restore their land, and search for the magic items that will breathe new life into their once magnificent realm!","The fate of the magical world is in your hands – free it from evil! As Jane and Fey explore new locations, they help the villagers survive the freeze, while once again saving Nearwood from the clutches of impending doom!",Race like a champion in F1™ 2015 A stunning new game engine and all-new ‘broadcast presentation’ puts you in the heart of the action.,Avoid is a fast-paced arcade game that will test your reflexes!,"A stranger arrives on horseback at the border town of San Soleres, at the outskirts of the Raki star system. She is taciturn, watchful, and incredibly fast and accurate with her gun, able to outdraw and kill four bandits, out for blood and a quick solar buck, with startling ease.","2, 4, 6, 8 Who do we appreciate? Say it Loud! Say it proud! Goooo Awesomenauts! This DLC contains a custom skin for Penny Fox in Awesomenauts. You need to have Penny Fox available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.","In 2013 the world was devastated by an apocalyptic event, annihilating almost all mankind and turning the Earth's surface into a poisonous wasteland. A handful of survivors took refuge in the depths of the Moscow underground, and human civilization entered a new Dark Age. The year is 2033.",Fly low and strike deep in the re-invention of the Gunship flight combat franchise. In Gunship! Players take control one of the worlds deadliest weapons in a simulator that is unmatched.,"It's a zoo out there, and you're in charge! Go wild with your imagination running the most exotic, fun and exciting zoo ever.",Race against time and terrorism as a member of the elite counter terrorist team in this all-out first person shooter. Your duty is to hunt down a terrorist overlord carrying a nuclear device before untold disaster is unleashed.,"When you climb into the cockpit of the F-16 Fighting Falcon, get set for the &amp;quot;flight of your life&amp;quot; as the powerful FALCON AT takes you streaking across the sky at Mach 2.",Hard Truck Apocalypse: Rise of Clans - is an addon to a vehicular Action/RPG set in an alternate future. New heroes and mysteries await you in the vistas of a post-apocalyptic North America.,"Hard Truck Apocalypse: Arcade/Ex Machina Arcade - is the races through the deserted prairies and canyons of northern America, infected by a fatal virus. You are to find the reasons of the global catastrophe described in the original game Hard Truck: Apocalypse.","From above the world of “Cars”, Disney’s Planes takes players on a high-flying, action-packed animated comedy adventure with Dusty Crophopper, a big-hearted, speed-loving crop duster, voiced by actor and comedian Dane Cook. Embark on global missions and grand adventures around the world.","Crouching Pony Hidden Dragon (CPHD) is a brand-new Action/RPG game developed for SNK’s Neo Geo console which came out in 1990. It might look like a straight-forward arcade game, but under the surface is a persistent world with a rich and varied set of rules.","S.K.I.L.L. - Special Force 2 is a fast-paced, action-packed shooter based on the Unreal Engine 3. The game features a wide range of game modes, tons of maps and a huge selection of weapons.",This Language Pack is for those who wish to learn Bulgarian with Influent.,This Language Pack is for those who wish to learn Mandarin Chinese with Influent.,This Language Pack is for those who wish to learn English with Influent.,This Language Pack is for those who wish to learn French with Influent.,This Language Pack is for those who wish to learn Spanish with Influent.,This Language Pack is for those who wish to learn Swedish with Influent.,This Language Pack is for those who wish to learn Japanese with Influent.,This Language Pack is for those who wish to learn German with Influent.,This Language Pack is for those who wish to learn Korean with Influent.,This Language Pack is for those who wish to learn Latin with Influent.,"Chuck's Challenge 3D the Developer Support Bundle includes: Soundtrack with 22 tracks, +1 Hat, + Game Element &amp;amp; a PDF Artwork Book as a thank you from us to you for your on going support.",A strange and twisted world...Harvester! The most violent adventure game of all time comes to Steam!,"A turn-based strategy game like no other has landed on Steam. Approachable, absorbing and visually impressive yet detailed, Battle Academy aims to revolutionise the strategy games market with a blend of intuitive design and compelling gameplay.","Following the invasion of Poland, Germany opens the western front and invades France. It’s the Blitzkrieg, a new and dangerous form of warfare based on speed and aggression using concentrated mechanized forces to pierce the enemy lines and encircle them.","After fighting some of the most iconic moments of World War II, it’s time again to use all your tactical skills to capture Arnhem bridge and secure a crucial victory against the Germans in one of the most complex and articulated battles ever fought.","It is September 1940, and the Germans launch their invasion of Britain. In this fictional &amp;quot;What If?&amp;quot; Campaign , you command the Home Guard's desperate counterattacks against German glider troops and the tenacious defence of the South Coast Sea Front.","Can you do better than General Patton and Montgomery? Open the attack on the soft underbelly of Europe in &amp;quot;Operation Husky&amp;quot;, with nine missions detailing the invasion of Sicily. With more than 30 new units, and missions ranging from the chaos of the initial night drops to the grim battles across the baking hills of the...","This time, play the Normandy campaign from the other side and play as the Germans and their mighty Tigers through ten varied missions. Take command from the initial chaos of the airborne drops all the way through to the desperate escape from the Falaise pocket and learn the skills required to control an army stretched to its limit by...",In Battle Academy: Fortress Metz you play the forces of the US 3rd Army as it tries to encircle Metz and cause the city to capitulate. Ten missions based on historical situations will test your skills as a commander.,"Chaos Domain is a game about shooting bad people in the face. Apart from that, it is also a run and gun platformer, powered by Unreal Engine. The game is highly influenced by games from 8-bit and 16-bit era, including Contra/Probotector series, as well as titles like Abuse and Doom Troopers.","IonBall 2: Ionstorm is an arcade game with a modern 3D twist; re-live the joys and frustrations (in equal measure) of classics games such as Breakout and Arkanoid, in a no holds barred fast action game with stunning 3D environments, awesome effects and a thumping soundtrack.","The endless, halcyon days of the summer of love are over, the travellers and minstrels, dreamers and drug dealers have gone. Now it's 198X, you wake up in a very bad situation. You were the &amp;quot;Sisters of the amniotic lens&amp;quot; and now it's time to face what you did all those years ago.","Do you have what it takes to be a zoo manager? You are responsible for your very own and unique zoo. Choose from numerous types of enclosures, park buildings and plants to design an environment appropriate to each species. Take home a part of wilderness with Wildlife Park 3!","Create, Collect, and Crash in Autocraft, a physics destruction sandbox. Create your own cars, rockets, tanks, planes, boats, and more.","Codemasters reboots the classic table top racing experience in Toybox Turbos! Collect &amp;amp; customise 35 vehicles, take on 18 crazy tracks &amp;amp; send your rivals into a spin with awesome power-ups, including mines, machine guns &amp;amp; giant car-mounted hammers!","Want to go beyond the unlimited fun of Trials Fusion? Add some craziness to your game through additional content! Get the Season Pass to receive 6 DLCs, featuring new tracks, new bike parts, rider gear, and new items for the track editor. 1 exclusive item is included in the Season Pass: the Crater Hazmat Suite!",Hit the dirt in Colin McRae Rally - the classic off-road racing experience.,"It is the year 2034. Beneath the ruins of post-apocalyptic Moscow, in the tunnels of the Metro, the remnants of mankind are besieged by deadly threats from outside – and within. Mutants stalk the catacombs beneath the desolate surface, and hunt amidst the poisoned skies above.","Rise of Nations is back! Play the updated classic with full Steamworks integration and enhanced features, including Twitch.tv streaming!","The Moebius soundtrack includes 31 gorgeous compositions from Robert Holmes, award-winning composer for Gabriel Knight and Gray Matter, and also features &amp;quot;The Wheel&amp;quot;, performed by the Scarlet Furies.","Pandora: First Contact is a science fiction 4X turn-based strategy game on a planetary scale. Our Earth has been exhausted and colonial attempts on other planetary bodies have been in vain. Finally, after decades of exploration, an interstellar probe has brought promise of a new world.","It's 1972 and a military coup has rocked Anchuria. You, Angela Burnes, are trapped in the metropolitan capital of San Bavón. Your paradise has turned into a warzone. You take up a job as a housekeeper. Every week, an hour before sunset, you clean the swanky bachelor pad of the wealthy Gabriel Ortega.","Arena: Cyber Evolution is free to play and we want it to stay this way forever. We believe that it should be at the core of any sport to be accessible for everyone to play and practice no matter what.As an independent game studio, we however need some money to keep developing the game and improving it.",The Spiritual. The Supernatural. The Skeptical. All are touched upon in Nostradamus: The Last Prophecy. The player is immortalized as a profiler of sorts in this treasure hunt game - a brilliantly vivid historical rendition of the acclaimed quatrains of Nostradamus.,"Delightful reading. Comic book as theater. You are the director! A fun, new way to point and click through an illustrated story. A western styled visual novel with adventure game puzzles.","Leadwerks Game Engine: Professional Edition adds support for creating games with modern C++11. You can access the entire Leadwerks API in Visual Studio. Download Visual Studio for free and get started making your own games, with no royalties to pay, ever.",The world's very first underwater papercraft adventure starring a goofy shark named Derrick.,"The hero loved by millions worldwide, TY the Tasmanian Tiger™, is back! Join TY on an exciting new adventure in the great Aussie Outback. Use your wits and boomerangs to find hidden treasures, help the colorful locals, and uncover the mysteries of the land Down Under.","8-Bit Commando is a run and gun platformer with fast-paced action, a rocking soundtrack, local multiplayer and explosions.","Pro Pinball, the world's most realistic pinball simulation is back, better than ever! Featuring the first of the ULTRA editions - Pro Pinball: Timeshock!","Mortal Online is a first-person medieval fantasy MMORPG, set in a huge, open, unforgiving world. Choose your race, choose your playstyle, choose a profession, choose where to place your loyalties - if you have any...","Yomi is a fighting game in card form. Learn your character, practice combos, and read the opponent's tendencies. A strategy card game that has held up to many years of tournaments, Yomi comes from the lead designer of Street Fighter HD Remix, who was also a long-time fighting game tournament player.",Mini Metro is a strategy simulation game about designing a subway map for a growing city. Draw lines between stations and start your trains running. Keep your lines efficient by redrawing them as new stations open. Decide where to use your limited resources. How long can you keep the city moving?,Oncoming Death is a round based game like Call of Duty. Parts will help you to escape from the dark land &amp;quot;Circle of Death&amp;quot; Believe me find the way out.,"Inspired by the retro glory days of 8-bit games, Rex Rocket is a traditional 2D platformer brought into the 21st century. Paying tribute to classic NES games like Mario, Mega Man, and Metroid, old-school platformer fans will find Rex Rocket a breath of fresh air.","Take a walk on the thin line between hope and despair in Actual Sunlight: A short interactive story about love, depression and the corporation.","Interact with the spirits of the dead, solve the puzzles of the mysterious mansion and help Elena find her missing father in the horror/adventure puzzle game: Whispering Willows.",MechRunner is an endless action game that casts you as a powerful mech in stunning cinematic battles against a relentless robotic army.,"Crush monsters and get loots in the classic turn-based style of deep dungeons and high adventure! Grow the Dungeonmans Academy, a bastion of learning that expands as you play. Serious gameplay with a light-hearted atmosphere, combining the feel of history's great RPGs and dice-slinging adventures around the tabletop.","Jack Nicklaus Perfect Golf is a next generation, indie developed, single player and multiplayer golf game. Jack Nicklaus Perfect Golf provides a truly immersive experience centered on stunning visuals and hyper-realistic game play. Don't just play golf - play PerfectGolf!","A mysterious invitation leads to the attic of an abandoned house. In the room is a cast-iron safe laced with strange carvings and on top, a note from your distant companion. It promises something ancient and astonishing concealed in the iron chamber - you need only find a way in.","A visual novel/sim game about life, love, and working in the entertainment industry. Play as makeup artist Sian Goodin as she navigates the world of showbiz. Make friends, forge business relationships, and maybe even find romance!",Includes the Meridian:New World Original Soundtrack in MP3 format including bonus video footage.,"Spaceships, lasers, and… chickens! What more could you ask for?Conflicks: Revolutionary Space Battles is a creative new take on space-themed videogames that merges the deep, thoughtful gameplay of strategy games with the intuitive accessibility of physics-based games.","Capture live video from twitch.tv right away! liteCam HD is windows recording software that can capture any streaming/non-streaming videos on your computer. Also, with liteCam HD you can create tutorials, demos, and presentation. Grab the liteCam HD and create your own videos Today!","Super Game Jam is an engaging new documentary series following some of the world’s most talented indie game developers doing what they do best. Filmed in five cities over a six month time period, each episode pairs two indie developers together for 48 hours and challenges them to create a game based on a theme suggested by their peers.",Experience the art book and music soundtrack from Wales Interactive's sci-fi action game Infinity Runner. The 54 page art book features unseen behind the scenes concept work used in the creation of the game and is a real insight into the developers minds.,"In the year 2299, an interstellar war rages on. In a bid to save Earth from destruction, you must take control of the Strike Suit – a revolutionary fighter craft with the ability to transform into a lethal suit of space armor.",Deckadance 2 is a DJ mixing application written by a DJ for DJs. Deckadance 2 provides all the necessary tools and features you need to standout above all others! Deckadance 2 can run VST compliant effects and/or softsynths.,Deckadance 2 is a DJ mixing application written by a DJ for DJs. Deckadance 2 provides all the necessary tools and features you need to standout above all others! Deckadance 2 can run VST compliant effects and/or softsynths.,"FOR EVERY CHOICE, A CONSEQUENCE.Fully re-mastered with HD visuals and audio, Fable Anniversary is a stunning rendition of the original game that will delight faithful fans and new players alike! The all new Heroic difficulty setting will test the mettle of even the most hardcore Fable fan.",Will you survive the impossible!?,"Start your engines - this is Arma 3 Karts! When we unveiled our 2014 April Fools joke via the Splendid Split parody video, some of you were quite keen for us to release the go-karts package for real. And here it is, for everyone to try. Enjoy this little sidestep in our typically military sandbox!",Help young Finn and princess Dahla reunite in love!,"Journalist-turned-food critic Taryn Sharpe and her assistant/photographer George Haske are sent on assignment to France to cover the opening of Paris' hottest new restaurant, Le Roi Soleil.","HTR+ High Tech Racing is a Slot Car Racing Simulation, a virtual version of the classic toy of the 80´s and 90´s. With realistic physics, HTR+ offers an adrenalin packed racing simulation experience.","Even the situation seems hopeless for troubled Realm of Orion, a single person can change its destiny!",Sudoku Ball is a revolutionary new take on the popular Sudoku puzzles.,With Demolition Master 3D you will feel like the real bomb expert capable of tackling even the most complicated tasks.,"Welcome to Pimperstown - a small village miles away from big cities and modern civilization. But it doesn't mean that people here don't have fun. Farmers from neighbouring villages and farms came on their shining machines to participate in big races, organized by the mayor. And you are one of them.",Reveal the great mystery that lies behind high walls of the Bellevue hotel!,Unravel the mystery of White Haven!,"The entire town has been put into a deep, dark sleep by a mysterious evil force. Now young Lillian must find allies and uncover the dark secrets of voodoo in order to save her master and free her friends before it is too late.","Many years ago, Emily plummeted from an attic window to her doom. Her house now lies abandoned along with the mystery of her death. Sara has inherited this dark home, only to discover that it is not empty.",A new continent and numerous new tasks await you in Professional Famer 2014’s America DLC. The vast new map takes the player to the amber waves of grain of North America – complete with huge fields and new buildings. Additional crops (e.g. potatoes) and dozens of new machines bring added variation to the ultimate farming experience.,"Star Trail is a faithful remake of Realms of Arkania’s classic sequel. This hardcore RPG features dozens of talents and spells, distinct races and character classes as well as a challenging isometric turn-based combat system.",A one-of-a-kind horror shocker – a game aware of your fear!Check out the improvements introduced with Update 2.0!,"Witness The Charnel House Trilogy, the chronicle of one fateful night aboard a train bound for Augur Peak. Three thrilling, horrifying adventure games in one, from the depths of the Sepulchre, starring Madeleine Roux, Peter Willington, Jonathan Grier, Jim Sterling, and Ben Chandler as Grub.","From the haunting strains of an old piano to the pulsing beats of a contemporary EDM party, The Charnel House Trilogy OST takes you on a journey through the lives of Alex Davenport and Harold Lang as they travel towards their fateful destination.","A violent murder has awoken a small town with a troubled past, they thought that chapter was over with, but has it returned?","Download the Best of British Pack to receive three prime examples of British automotive engineering. Race the iconic McLaren F1 GTR, the 2011 Aston Martin Zagato V12 and the 2007 McLaren Mercedes SLR 722.","Download the Coupé Style Pack to receive four premium sports cars that cut a stylish dash across the track. Race the BMW Z4 GT3, Hyundai Genesis Coupe, Cadillac CTS-V Coupe and Nissan 2009 (R35) GT-R SpecV.","Download the Sprint Pack and receive the new Sprint Game Mode, a new single player Sprint Championship and 24 new routes at four new locations! Take on challenging point-to-point races at four classic GRID 2 environments brought to GRID Autosport - California Coast, Hong Kong, Cote d’Azure and Okutama.","Download the Road &amp;amp; Track Car Pack to receive 4 diverse yet dramatic cars. Feel the power of the Chevrolet &amp;quot;Tyler McQuarrie&amp;quot; Camaro, unleash the raw speed of the Nissan Auto Gallery Skyline GT-R, experience hot hatch heaven in the Alfa Romeo Giulietta Quadrifoglio Verde &amp;amp; tame the Zenvo ST1 hypercar.","Download to receive 2 new circuits - Silverstone &amp;amp; Donington Park - with 10 routes, 3 new Single Player Touring Car Legends Championships &amp;amp; 5 classic Touring Cars. Race the Volvo 850 Estate Touring Car, Alfa Romeo 155 TS, Audi A4 Quattro Touring Car, BMW E30 Touring Car &amp;amp; Ford Sierra RS500 Cosworth Touring Car.","Test your reactions and put pedal to metal in a brand new game mode by downloading the Drag Pack! Receive three blisteringly fast custom drag cars, a new Single Player Drag Championship and three drag strips set at GRID Autosport locations.","Help Shannon Tweed-Simmons end the groupie invasion, before they get their hands on her man!","Civilization VI offers new ways to interact with your world, expand your empire across the map, advance your culture, and compete against history’s greatest leaders to build a civilization that will stand the test of time. Play as one of 20 historical leaders including Roosevelt (America) and Victoria (England).","The surgeon-simulator inspired Tea-making game is now available on Steam! Using the latest KS-001 Robo-Arm, you must practise making various types of tea.",Thundercracker is a Decepticon Seeker: a master of flight and aerial combat. He defected to the Decepticons with Starscream and Skywarp and now serves Megatron.,"Skywarp has never been interested in power or conquest, only the pursuit of knowledge. He joined the Decepticons to produce powerful weapons and experimental systems for use in combat.","A powerful weapon feared amongst all robots, this weapon creates a distortion field in mid-air, suspending opponents in mid-air and rendering them helpless before sending them smashing into the ground at high velocity.","A weapon for the true sharpshooter at Spark, the Electro Bolter launches deadly harpoon-style projectiles. The kinetic energy of these projectiles knocks enemies back on impact and can even pin them to walls.","Stinger is a silent and mysterious bot. His motivations are unclear, but his prowess in battle is nothing to be trifled with.",Endless Legend is a 4X turn-based fantasy strategy game by the creators of Endless Space and Dungeon of the Endless. Control every aspect of your civilization as you struggle to save your homeworld Auriga. Create your own Legend!,A.I.M. 2 is the sequel to the epic science fiction first-person action RPG developed by SkyRiver Studios. Its compelling story and unique look lift off exactly where the original ended. New clans led by Mechminds of the Fifth Generation are powerful and well-organized formations with far-reaching plans.,Ascension to the Throne is a turn-based strategy game with RPG elements. In a vast fantasy world the hero will have to pass many tests on his way to victory. Enemies seek to stop players from regaining power and taking revenge. Gain new friends to aid you in reclaiming the throne.,"BorderZone is a role-playing action with a complex non-linear storyline in which the player can choose a profession to his liking (mage, thief or soldier), learn the needed skills and spells, create a team of up to 5 dare-devils and leave for a trip full of unexpected discoveries in the world of Terra filled with various creatures.",The game expands the story of the original Perimeter in a vast singleplayer campaign.,"Playing as a volunteer, offered to help the mad professor, you'll come to a bad dream of comatose girl Laura. Find Laura got lost in the world of dreams. Dispel girl’s nightmares. Collect the stolen and destroyed Dream catcher, defeat the Sandman and help Laura to wake up in the real world.","Become El Matador, a DEA special agent tasked with taking down the drug barons. A new narcotics cartel is rising across Central and South America, sharpening its claws and extending its reach. Locate the encampments, infiltrate the headquarters, and put an end to the cartel's influence.","Through the eyes of Allied, German and Russian squad leaders, experience the most immersive World War II time strategy game where each battle is played out and won differently based on your tactical choices.","Inspired by reading more than one thousand Russian fairy tales, this is a story about love, spite, greed, modesty, humility and seeking. It is divided into four acts - according to the four seasons. That means you'll visit some of the game locations several times, but every time at a different season and in a different time of day.","Freight Tycoon is an economic simulation game which challenges players’ management skills. It puts one into the shoes of an owner of a cargo transportation company. One has to evaluate the profitability of contracts, contact customers, and appoint drivers to deliver goods.","The world of Konung is a unique and spacious fantasy land, that combines parts of known history with classical myths and the legends of the Chronicles, including immortal heroes, magical artefacts and ancient sorcery.","Konung III is a RPG, based on the Scandinavian and Slavic mythology, the third game in the Konung series (Konung: Legends of the North and Konung 2: Blood of Titans).","Parkan II is an original concept game that will allow you to feel as a pilot of a spacecraft lost somewhere in the universe. Become a pirate or mercenary, get money to buy the most powerful cruiser and show them all who is to be the new master of the galaxy. Unforgettable adventures in the Parkan II universe await you!",Planet Alcatraz is a 3D role playing game with isometric projection. The player travels through the game world and fights against enemies in the real-time mode.Several genres are mixed in this game but despite that fact it isn't stuck between them and appears to be a classical RPG that is based on a specially developed system.,"Perimeter is an innovative Real-Time-Strategy game that pits players against each other or AI opponents in a life and death struggle to seize territory and establish crucial protective “perimeters.” Players will be introduced to the game’s unique terraforming feature, allowing them to move, build, construct and destroy the map...","R.C. Cars is an exciting arcade racing game featuring the world of highly realistic toy radio controlled cars. Jump, accelerate, perform acrobatic feats in the air, and bounce on big hummocks, pits and bumps while contending with opponents for victory.","The Tomorrow War is a space sim based on the trilogy of novels written by a famous Russian author, Alexander Zorich. These books are dedicated to the intergalactic war of two mighty empires. Along with the graduates of the military-space academy players will witness different stages of the conflict between United Earth Empire and...","UFO: Aftershock is a combination of tactical squad combat and global strategy that enhances and expands upon its prequel, UFO: Aftermath.","Time has come to join the dark side. Take a trip to the other side of Teana, to the part of the world that has yet remained unseen to the royal bounty hunters.",Secrets of Raetikon's soundtrack is an original composition by Christof Dienz who also played all the instruments.Track List1. 05:28 Into the Wild2. 03:58 Swamp3. 06:09 Tutorial4. 05:23 Rætic Gods5.,"Discover a brand new chapter of Might &amp;amp; Magic X - Legacy, with an exclusive questline, new enemies, new dungeons and much more.","Aggression is a military real-time strategy game set within a historic context featuring role-playing elements. Play the role of a political leader of Russia, Great Britain, France or Germany. It is up to you to take firm decisions at the crucial period of the European history – the World Wars ages covering 1914 – 1945.","Marauder, is a squad based and tactical 3D game with RPG elements. It was released in late 2009, in Russia. You may know these names as the former made Brigade 7,62 and the later also published Pathologic.","In 2013 the Central Europe (Ukraine, Kiev) witnessed a catastrophe. Everybody was mystified by its cause. What happened was beyond our comprehension. Somebody called it the collision of worlds or the stratification of two dimensions.","Prosk Industries is one of the three Multi Planetary Corporations (MPCs) battling it out over the ruined colonies of Illal. The Prosk Starter Bundle comes with a classic mech from each class (the Infiltrator, the Sharpshooter, the Vanguard) and an exclusive Prosk Industries emblem to display with pride on your in-game profile.","Assassin’s Creed® Unity tells the story of Arno, a young man who embarks upon an extraordinary journey to expose the true powers behind the French Revolution. In the brand new co-op mode, you and your friends will also be thrown in the middle of a ruthless struggle for the fate of a nation.","Just when you thought you knew How to Survive….things get a whole load tougher! Really use your survival instinct or you will become extinct! This additional game mode introduces a new difficulty level to the game available for Story mode and is playable online, local, solo and multiplayer.","Say hello to Nina, she is new survivor on the island. Don’t be intimidated by her stone cold looks, you’ll find out it’s always good to meet somebody with different abilities and a mean-looking flamethrower.Need a spark for your life?","Well, well… you have been in the archipelago for a long time now, so you may decide to find your way out… You just need to find vehicles and the parts to repair them! But don’t feel confident just because you are familiar with the setting… You only have one opportunity to make it out alive and the enemies are stronger than ever…[/b]...","So, you decided to settle down did you?That’s great but let’s see how long can you survive...Spend your days searching for resources and materials to create obstacles, barricades and traps to defend the occupants of your camp from the hordes of night flesh-hungry monsters.Learn to craft obstacles, barricades and traps!","ROCKETS fire ROCKETS at ROCKETS in this action-arcade, arena-combat, gorgeous festival-of-fireworks! It's dogfighting meets figure-skating in space with local multiplayer and single-player fast-paced action modes plus a ZEN MODE where ROCKETS learn to LOVE.",Requiem: Rise of the Reaver is a Free-to-Play MMORPG set in a dark distant world where an event known as the &amp;quot;Thanatos Incident&amp;quot; rendered the world almost unlivable. Create your own biological weapon known as a Temperion and experience the horrors that grip Ethergia.,"A fright-filled Adventure that transpires in the heart of Transylvania. London 1904. Seven years after the slaying of Dracula, you play as Jonathan Harker, (the protagonist from Bram Stoker's original novel) and soon discover your wife, Mina has fled London for the Count's castle in Transylvania. Has Mina fallen prey to vampires?","The blood-curdling sequel to Dracula: Resurrection brings an even scarier adventure to life. After saving Mina, Jonathan Harker and his beloved return to London carrying a mysterious Dragon Ring.",There is obviously no such thing as vampires... at least according to the official line of the Catholic Church. The trilogy continues as the Prince of Darkness rises again.,"7.62 High Calibre is a tactical action game, sequel to Brigade E5. A professional mercenary is in pursuit of a certain Russian &amp;quot;businessman&amp;quot;, who stole a large amount of money from his &amp;quot;colleagues&amp;quot;. Now he is hiding in a small country of Latin America to avoid an inevitable punishment.","Welcome to the Mountains!With Ropeway-Simulator 2014 you will be able to build your own spectacular ropeways within a lovingly designed mountain panorama, using original gondolas and lifts licensed by world market leader Doppelmayr.",TransOcean – The Shipping Company is your ticket to the world of gigantic ships and transnational transport empires. Build a mighty fleet of modern merchant ships and conquer the seven seas.,"In Construction Simulator 2015, you take the controls of 16 realistic construction machines made by LIEBHERR, STILL and MAN with high-quality 3D graphics.",DubWars is a music game that combines the mechanics of a top-down shooter with the power of Dubstep and Electronic music. Your weapons are synced to the music creating times of intense weapon load outs and calm moments where your survival skills are tested.,"Design, build and wire up your own unique robot to complete challenging logic puzzles. LogicBots is a puzzle game where robots are used to complete the various levels.","Retro Game Crunch is a series of 7 games, full of the charm and challenge of the 8-bit generation. Each world feels like an authentic NES classic. A massive genre-spanning collection.","Glitchspace is about reprogramming the game to solve puzzles. Trapped in an abstract cyberspace world, your way forward uses visual programming to edit environmental geometry, whilst unlocking key programming concepts along the way.","Hardcore and realistic; LiF is a Medieval multiplayer sandbox RPG, with free terraforming, a rich crafting system and preset and modular building construction. With engaging survival aspects, no target physics-based combat and a unique formation system - along with numerous other features - LiF is not for the faint of heart!","The Wrath of the Goddess expansion is now live! Journey to the mysterious continent of Kharath, where the malevolent sorceress, Naez, is plotting to summon an ancient evil into the mortal realm. The hope of the world lies with you, Soulkeeper...","Sokobond is an elegantly designed puzzle game about chemistry. It's logical, minimalist, and beautiful - crafted with love and science.","You were on the way to a recycling process when fortunately for you - and unfortunately for the environment - you accidentally ran off. Now your goal is to escape from the facility, which is an extremely difficult task due to the fact that you are a battery without legs.","Rebel Galaxy is a swashbuckling space adventure, with action-packed combat, exploration, discovery, trade, and “negotiation” with the outlandish denizens at the edge of the known universe.",Experience the mind bending power of single player cooperation. Project Temporality is a third person action/puzzle game built around the concept of allowing the player to play with time. Thanks to our propriety engine Sparta 3D we make the fourth dimension as available as the other three.,"Armello is a grim fairy-tale board game come to life. Full of swashbuckling adventure combining deep, tactical card play, rich tabletop strategy and RPG elements. Wage epic single and multiplayer battles, cast spells, hire agents, and prepare poisons and ruses on your quest for the throne!",Micron is a unique fusion of puzzle and rhythm gameplay. Place pieces on the board to deflect bullets of energy that fire to the beat. Guide the bullets to the exit through 51 challenging levels — and 12 bonus levels — featuring a variety of distinctive soundscapes. Your solutions create the music.,"The Golem's Plight Coffer contains the Golem quest, which unlocks another powerful ally to fight alonside Aurora. Also included in the pack are the unique, powerful Erin's Stone and a pack of smaller Rough oculi: 3 Blue, 3 Red and 3 Green.","The Light Pack contains an exclusive skin for Aurora and unlocks also a new skill of healing. Also included in the bonus content a pack of Rough oculi: 3 Sapphires, 2 Rubies, 3 Emeralds.","The Dark Pack contains an exclusive skin for Aurora and provides her improvements of Magic Power, Defense and Magic resistance. Also included in the bonus content a pack of Rough oculi: 3 Blue, 3 Green and 2 Red.","The Rough Oculi Pack contains an assortment of oculis : 2 Red, 2 Blue, 2 Green, 1 Yellow, 1 Turquoise, 1 Purple","The Tumbled Oculi Pack contains an assortment of tumbled oculis : 2 Red, 2 Blue, 2 Green, 1 Yellow, 1 Turquoise, 1 Purple","The Faceted Oculi Pack contains an assortment of faceted oculis : 2 Red, 2 Blue, 2 Green","The Stardust Pack contains an assortment of oculis : 2 HP, 2 MP, 2 Strength, 2 Defense, 2 Magic, 2 Magic Defense, 1 Critical, 1 Dodge, 1 Speed","Qualia 3 is a 2D, shoot-’em-up game that brings a few unique elements to the classic genre.In the unknown expanse of the deep sea, survival of the fittest is taken to a whole new level. The weak and slow perish while the strong survive. To withstand the unforgiving nature of the depths, its denizens must adapt.","Legionwood 2: Rise of the Eternal's Realm is an epic fantasy role playing game in the style of 16 bit classics like Final Fantasy IV and Chrono Trigger. Featuring non-linear gameplay, choices that define the story and exciting turn based gameplay, Legionwood 2 is a love letter to yesteryear.","The Flock is an asymmetrical multiplayer thriller, where you get to play as one of the agile monsters that make up the Flock. Hunt down and attack the Carrier to take its place. Survive and fend off the terrifying Flock with the coveted Light Artifact .","Clandestine is a 2-player or singleplayer stealth/hacking game set in 1996. Asymmetrical co-op allows one player to take the role of the spy while a friend provides overwatch and assistance as the hacker, and unravel a post-Cold War espionage conspiracy.",Civil unrest awaits as Tonight We Riot drops players into the boots of everyday working class rebels fighting against the oppression of global capitalism run amok in a dystopian future where the few wealthy elite dominate the entire civilized world.,"My Lands is a free online RTS where dark and light forces fight for Black Gem and dominion in a vast fantasy world. Cooperation between players, joint economy development, creation of clans and alliances and elaboration of a team strategy serve as the very foundation of the game.","Take the role of ARID, the artificial intelligence within a high-tech combat suit. The Fall is a unique combination of adventure-game puzzle solving and side-scroller action, all set within a dark and atmospheric story. Get ready for a disturbing journey as you explore the world of The Fall.",Grey Goo is a real-time strategy (RTS) game that combines classic strategy mechanics and a balanced combat system with an emphasis on large-scale decision-making.,"From the folk who brought you classic Kaiju titles like &amp;quot;Godzilla: Save the Earth&amp;quot; comes the next generation of monster-on-monster fighting action! In this first release, play as any of four Kaijuland characters. 1-4 players, online or off! Future releases will feature original characters designed by our fans.","Steam Squad - a classical tactical wargame with honest physics simulation of battles set in an alternative universe during the First World War. Players acting for the 3 of the superpowers - the Holy Roman, British and Tianxian Empires complete 30 missions with squads of up to 8 units.","You Must Build A Boat is the sequel to the award winning &amp;quot;10000000&amp;quot;. Travel the world, run procedurally generated dungeons finding artifacts, capturing monsters and recruiting crew for your...","A completely free and extensive community-developed update for Half-Life 2 featuring beautiful lighting, countless bug fixes, and a brand new Community Commentary Mode. With Half-Life 2: Update, there’s never been a better time to revisit City 17.","1849 is a city management game set during the California Gold Rush. Your task is to build towns, populate them with workers, and make sure that they are housed, fed, and entertained. You’ll have to manage and coordinate extensive production and trade networks to make sure your towns thrive.","The Flower Shop is a dating and farming simulation game. Steve's life has just taken a downward turn. His grades from his first semester in college are dismal, his relationship with his girlfriend is rocky at best, and now his dad is shipping him off to some farm for the summer so that he can &amp;quot;build character.","Based on a true story, discover the horror of the Canton insane asylum as you attempt to rescue your daughter. Experience the scariest game of 2014.",Amy is desperate! Her boyfriend Aaron doesn't remember her anymore after a car accident! Will you be able to make him remember again? Or perhaps it's time to move on. Maybe Amy will fall in love with someone else? It's up to you to decide. Play this life simulation game with dating sim elements and shape Amy's destiny.,"Planet Stronghold is a sci-fi role-playing game with a turn-based combat system. You take the role of a young, new recruit that somehow gets assigned to the most well-known, and well-defended, human outpost in the whole galaxy: Planet Stronghold.","Slip is a fast paced side scrolling platformer featuring a two color, swap mechanic. Using your two colors flee from Steve and his wretched purple beam through a multitude of obstacles and enemies. Slip combines the elegant simplicity of platforming with a polarity mechanic to create an easy to learn, but extremely difficult to master...","A lightly filtered experience pulled from the creator's (now former) day job in a customer service call centre, made interactive in a point-&amp;amp;-click format. Lose politely, or lose spectacularly; the choice is yours.","You are Akane, a Kunoichi ninja secretely loving her master Goro, a noble samurai. One day Goro is kidnapped by the evil Hiromi - you have to rescue him, but it won't be an easy task!",Evolution RTS is a free an Open Source RTS game designed using the Spring Engine. It has been in development for many years and receives updates often. It’s gameplay is designed specifically to appeal to gamers of all skill levels.,Heroes of Steel is a tactical RPG set in a grim post-apocalyptic fantasy world. Coordinate your party of four heroes in turn-based combat and navigate a engaging world and story.,"Jumpdrive is a sandbox space sim set in an alternative future heavily inspired by classic 80s sci-fi. Fight, trade and explore in a massive procedurally generated galaxy of millions of planets and stars. Amass money and power, upgrade and purchase new ships, and one day create your own small fleet with a base to call home.","Vitrum is a 3D, first person, puzzle/platform game with more than 45 stages, stage editor and community's shared stages. The game uses physics and powerful crystalsto challenge the player find your way out of each stage.","This is a 2D top-down horror game. If you enjoy adventures, top-down game with a hint of horror in it, Motte Island is for you. It has numerous features including but not limited to various puzzles and mini games contained within. It is as exciting as exploring an actual paradise island.",2D Casual fighting game where you can create and customize your fighter (80 slots to save your avatars) with tons of different options and get ready to fight into the Championship. Final Slam 2 is a PC fighting game that allows you to create your own fighter and win the Final Slam championships or play through the official Final Slam...,"Raw, aggressive hunger - there's nothing like being a Zombie when you want to do some damage! Now you can control your own horde of zombies! Mayhem has never tasted so good . . .","Take control of an experimental zombie that can transform into three unique and distinct forms. With quick reflexes, a little problem solving, and some rescued kittens, players make a violent exit that won't be forgotten by their captors.",The ULTIMATE collectible tactics game. Competitive head-to-head turn-based battles at its best!,Do you like challenging platforming? How about solving cool puzzles?! What about games that dare to use more than 3 shades of brown in their color palettes?!!? Well come on in!,"Smugglers 5 is the fifth installment in the turn-based single-player space trading game series. Will you be a greedy trader, an ambitious fleet pilot or a ruthless pirate? Board enemy ships, manage factories, conquer star systems and forge your own galactic empire - ultimately, your actions will have an impact on a galactic scale.",A mix of terrifying intensity and dreamy flow make this music pack a unique and must-have music collection.,"Games we grew up with often hold a special place in our hearts, and hearing the familiar melodies takes us back to a happy place.Created by Murray Atkinson, Classical Fantasy Music pack contains a variety of songs that will find a home in any fantasy-based game.","The adventurer's finally reached the end -- is it a way back home, or place to start a new life?The Adventurer's Final Journey Music Pack features 20 orchestrated tracks from D. C. Kairi Sawler that will round the series out as a whole!",Royal Tiles Resource pack is a tile add-on that will help you create the perfect castle.,Begin your Magnificent Quest with incredible music tracks inspired by classic JRPGs and anime!,"Brawlhalla is an epic platform fighter for up to 8 players online or locally. And it's free. Join casual free-for-alls, queue for ranked matches, or make a custom room with your friends. Millions of players. Frequent updates. Over thirty unique legends. Come fight for glory in the halls of Valhalla!","Growing pains is a fast and furious platformer which gives the genre a shake up with psychedelic graphics, a thumping soundtrack and an ingenious twist. The &amp;quot;Vessel&amp;quot; continually grows and expands leaving you in a permanent race to escape the area before you find your butt wedged in a tight spot.",Can you solve the Mirror Mysteries?,That evil mirror is back and it’s up to you to extinguish his power for good!,"Prepare to be enchanted by a world where the choices you make and the paths you choose shape your destiny. Obsidian Entertainment, the developer of Fallout: New Vegas™ and South Park: The Stick of Truth™, together with Paradox Interactive is proud to present Pillars of Eternity.","Empathy: Path of Whispers is an atmospheric and story-driven adventure game where you explore a seemingly abandoned world through the emotions and memories of the people who once inhabited it, trying to restore the world’s lost balance by journeying through its past.","Embark on an eerie ghost-hunting adventure, featuring real evidence of paranormal activity, to solve the mystery of the Lost Crown. Be warned, to seek advice from the dead can have bitter consequences.","Join ghost-hunters Nigel Danvers and Lucy Reubans on a spine chilling haunted adventure, packed with real paranormal activity, to unravel tales of murder and mystery. Be warned, seeking answers from the dead can have bitter consequences.","Halloween celebrations are in full swing, in the lonely harbour town of Saxton. Ghost-hunter, Nigel Danvers, doesn't believe the night is any different. He knows that ghosts exist, so why would tonight be any different? Nigel and his ghost-hunting partner, Lucy Reubans, are in for a supernatural surprise.","Because You Demanded It! Where the Zuul were once one of The Pit's many dangers, now fans of The Pit can challenge The Pit as a Zuul - Enoch The Shepherd!","Feud: Wild West Tactics is a turn based game all about gun blazing, shotgun blasting, knife stabbing and dynamite throwing action in the Wild West. Follow the story or set out on your own to build a western empire. Do you have the grit to showdown against the toughest gunslingers?","In this fast-paced, turn-based, co-op adventure you'll quest and explore, find awesome loot, customize your fighters, and recruit strange species! Come master your destiny in this strategic game of positioning.","This expansion for Democracy 3 adds 33 new situations and policies that reflect the more extreme side of politics, all within the framework of a democracy. Fed up with just adjusting taxes and government spending in the conventional sense? Perhaps you think your people need the national anthem sung at the start of every news broadcast?","House fires, traffic accidents and large-scale emergencies: Experience the day-to-day life of the fire department in “Firefighters 2014 – The Simulation Game”! Finally, what firefighter simulation fans have been waiting on for a long time – play and immerse yourself in the daily operations of a fire department: traffic accidents on the...",An entire industrial empire under your control. Have you always dreamed of swimming in money? In “Industry Empire” you are the boss of all bosses.,"From the makers of the world renowned “Wizardry Empire” titles, Starfish SD brings you the latest entry in their popular series of dungeon crawlers. Elminage Gothic, previously only available in Japanese on PlayStation® Portable, now comes to PC offering a classic old school dungeon crawling experience with a dark, gothic twist!","The Witcher is a story-driven, next-generation open world role-playing game, set in a visually stunning fantasy universe, full of meaningful choices and impactful consequences. In The Witcher, you play as Geralt of Rivia, a monster hunter tasked with finding a child from an ancient prophecy.","You get a totally sweet Valkyrie Hat for Secrets of Grindea, and we get a few bucks to get some well needed coffee for those long nights of coding and pixel artistry!","Written over the past four years, journalist Geoff Keighley (&amp;quot;The Final Hours of Portal 2&amp;quot;) chronicles the making of TITANFALL from Respawn Entertainment. This longform app features never-before-seen photos, video and concept art from early development versions of the game.","The first and only official Rube Goldberg puzzle game. Solve everyday problems in Rube’s trademark elaborate style by creating complex and hilarious machines.Is pouring a glass of juice just too straightforward and boring? Try using a jack-in-the-box, magnifying glass, string and a cymbal-wielding friend to achieve your goal.","UFO: Aftermath is a 3D isometric, tactical strategy game with a rich and compelling sci fi story.","X-Plane 10 Global is the latest version of a simulator that has been in development continuously for almost 20 years. This latest version of X-Plane 10 brings numerous improvements and enhancements for PC, Mac and Linux virtual pilots, unleashing the power of modern systems with its 64 bit processing and multi-core support.","In Crazy Plant Shop, players learn about genes and inheritance by breeding zany plants! Special requests from mysterious customers require players to understand dominant and recessive traits and how genetic traits get passed through generations. Use profits to acquire new breeds, purchase shop upgrades, and acquire new customers!",The Digital Deluxe Content for FORCED gives you a unique look into the development of the game and also allows you to customize the look of your gladiator withthe Black Champion Armor.IncludesFORCED Original Soundtrack - two entire albums with both the music that made it into the game and the stuff that was scrapped along the wayA...,"Game Character Hub is an art program that is focused on game asset creation, especially RPG Maker's. It provides a built-in generator for character and tileset creation.","Once again, the world relies on Fox - Spy Fox, the suave secret agent who smoothly finesses his way through Spy Corps' toughest assignments. This time, Spy Corps' corrupt counterpart, the Society for Meaningless Evil, Larceny, Lying and Yelling (S.M.E.L.L.Y.) has devised a dogbot which will be unleashed upon the unsuspecting world!","A huge hairspray space station is blasting vile vapors into the ozone, putting Earth at the mercy of the sun's rays. With her paw on the nozzle, Poodles Galore unleashes her plot to corner the sunscreen market. It's up to SPY Fox and his friends to &amp;quot;can&amp;quot; Poodles and save the planet.",Grab you helmet and help SPY Fox catch Russian Blue and return the prized Limburger Cheese!,"Climb aboard to help SPY Fox save the world's ketchup supply from the evil King Konglomerate! Maneuver SPY Fox's M.E.S.S through water, space and air!",Customize your truck with a choice of six impressive paint jobs inspired by elemental forces!Paint schemes included:Blazing FireLightning BoltMagma HeatWater SurgeSmoke PuffsHuman SpiritAll of these powerful themes are applicable to any in-game truck.,"A scifi simulation game, in which players must design, assemble and test space ships, in a bid to build a supreme Galactic mega-corporation. Gain your reputation by engineering and selling your own spacecraft, testing them to the limit in RTS missions and simulated emergency and combat situations.","Welcome to GTGD S2 the awesome sequel to GTGD S1, the video tutorial learning package that helps a gamer turn their dream of developing a game into reality.","Conquer the ever changing dungeons of DarkEnd and save the fall of humanity! Choose your heroes and venture into a world filled with numerous treasures, mysterious secrets and discover a haunting past in this 10+ hours of retro 2D Dungeon-Crawling!",Racer 8 is the ultimate Rally inspired puzzle game that will have players revving their engines or leave them running on fumes!,"Forged in the Beginning and protected by the Seven Seals, there lies a place where thought and creation intertwine. The center for all realms of existence, it is the balancing force between good and evil, man and spirit. A focal point for all energies, and the one element that has kept the consuming nature of darkness at bay... Until now.","Unrest is a role playing adventure game set in a fantasy interpretation of ancient India that adapts to death, failure, and the choices you make. Play as ordinary people in a struggle for safety, freedom, and a chance at peace. Use conversation, manipulation (and rarely, violence) to achieve your goals.","The raw, high-stakes world of illegal street racing comes to life in Street Racing Syndicate. Trick out over 40 authentic licensed cars with parts from over 15 real-world manufacturers, then turn your customized ride loose on the streets of 3 cities across the USA.",The Gold Edition contains both Panzer Elite Action - Fields of Glory and its Dunes Of War expansion!,"TEOS, an agency of holy mages, holds a tournament to find the best magic users in the world to take on a dark threat looming on the horizon. Choose your mage and take to the arena in this fast-paced competitive fighting game that mixes troop formations and fast action.","C&amp;amp;F Inc. teleporters are going offline all over the place, and it's up to an intrepid frog employee to fix the situation.","Chompy Chomp Chomp is a game where people of all ages, tastes and skills can play together, and enjoy themselves on a level playing field. Play with your friends/kids/boss/gran, lose your inhibitions, shout and scream and generally have an awesome time.","Elegant and minimal, Duet asks players simply to navigate two orbiting spheres past an increasingly complex maze of falling obstacles. As the difficulty increases, the tension mounts, and a peculiar narrative unfolds.","Pressured is a unique and intense number puzzler. Hit your targets to unlock pieces of the dark story, all told via the poetry of Nicholas Gordon. Created by Paul Marrable With music from Matt Mcfarland.",The death of everything,Help the Princess save her friends and family!,Defeat the witch for the last time with the help of your trusty Fairy sidekick and a new friend you met along the way!,"Experience the life of a hard-boiled gumshoe detective for free by downloading this demo. Explore the dystopian post-World War III in the 2040s as Tex Murphy and puzzle your way out of trouble. When you’re done, don’t forget to pre-order the game here: http://store.steampowered.","Highlighting a few miniature versions of big fan favorites, The Big Little Character Pack is sure to deliver a fun take on some famous Middle-earth residents! Strike a little fear and terror into the hearts of your foes with Baby Smaug, or enjoy a cameo appearance of Baby Gimli from The Lord of the Rings trilogy.","New surprise characters await when you take time to explore the hidden secrets of Middle-earth! Take command of a LEGO Big Figure River Troll or Girion, a brave Lord of Dale. The noble Elk will offer you transport wherever you desire, or you can charge into battle with the fearless Dwarf soldier.","The land of Middle-earth is full of danger, but the items in our latest pack guarantee you’re prepared for battle. Destroy Morgul LEGO with the Shadow Sword, equip yourself with Jeweled Mithril Armor of the finest Dwarven craftsmanship, or activate the Light Orb Shield for the ultimate protection.","Perfect for getting started, this pack include two ready-to-play decks for the FELIS and the GOROK !","Perfect for getting started, this pack include two ready-to-play decks for the FURKHAN and the OGAM !","Perfect for getting started, this pack include two ready-to-play decks for the MELEON and the KWARTZ!",Rise of Prussia Gold is the new and improved version of AGEODs Seven Years War (1757-1763) game set in Europe. This hugely detailed strategy game was initially released by AGEOD in 2010 and the Gold version adds numerous improvements and additional scenarios that take the game to the next level.,"Join Pajama Sam, the world's youngest superhero as he journeys to World Wide Weather, the storm-stirring factory in the sky!","Pajama Sam chases down some snickering cookies, only to find himself in the midst of a food squabble!","Pajama Sam sets off on a series of adventures in search of his lost comic book, looking for lost socks in Agitator Lake, rounding up dust bunnies at the Dust Bunny Corral, exploring the Spilled Soda Swamp and much more.","Climb in and help Pajama Sam control the Sock-O-Matic Mark III, the sock-sorting dream machine the makes chores fun!","Climb aboard and join Pajama Sam as he jumps and glides through wild worlds, collecting toys, and dodging dangers along the way!",“Nobility is not a birthright. It’s defined by one’s actions.,"The Leader Pack adds an all-new sovereign to each of the game’s 10 factions, each of which provide fresh gameplay experiences with new abilities and items.","Junk, junk and even more junk. Life on the trash-planet Deponia is anything but a walk in the park. No surprise that Rufus had enough of that and hatches one ludicrous plan after the other to escape this bleak place.","Black Mirror is a dark adventure game that details the aftermath of the tragic death of William Gordon. Playing as his grandson Samuel players must unveil the truth behind the events of that fateful, stormy night.","Enhance your Crusader Kings II experience with the Persian Unit Pack. The Persian Unit Pack adds seven new, unique unit models for Persian rulers.",Crusader Kings II: Persian Portraits contains thousands of unique face combinations for male and female characters of the Persian culture.,Crusader Kings II: Charlemagne is the seventh expansion for the much praised strategy/RPG Crusader Kings II and introduces the gamer to an absorbing story of conquests of Charlemagne.,"Crusader Kings II: Early Western Clothing Pack contains new, historically appropriate, clothing options for Anglo-Saxon and Frankish rulers in the 8th to 10th centuries.","Crusader Kings II: Early Eastern Clothing Pack contains new, historically appropriate, clothing options for Muslim and Byzantine rulers in the 8th to 10th centuries.","Enhance your Crusader Kings II experience with the Dynasty Shields Charlemagne DLC, containing historically accurate Coats of Arms for more than 50 famous families of the early Medieval Europe. The Dynasty Shields Charlemagne DLC pays special attention to the dynasties of the Charlemagne era.","The latest title in the historical simulation series &amp;quot;Nobunaga's Ambition.&amp;quot; Become a daimyō of the Warring States era, and unite the land! With &amp;quot;the creation of a new age&amp;quot; as the key concept, this title features beautifully recreated castle towns, dynamic battlefield action and dramatic event scenes.","The Season Pass contains a new Single Player Campaign featuring the legendary hacker T-Bone as a new playable character, 3 additional missions, 3 new weapons and 5 additional skins. It also includes a new mind bending game mode!",Unlock a standalone mind bending game mode in which cyborgs invaded Chicago. Track them and take them down!,Extend your hacking abilities in 3 new missions!Unlock 6 additional skins and access new powerful perks to increase your control over Chicago.,Digital Sound Factory Z3TA+2 Digital Keys feature modern keyboard tones and textures of the future that will push your tracks out in front of the others. Classic waveforms are shaped using the powerful modulation matrix while envelopes and filters provide the ultimate control of expressiveness and dynamics.,Digital Sound Factory Z3TA+2 Fashion Leads deliver the cutting edge synth lead sounds that will drive your music forward. Fashion your tracks with the latest modern sonic treads. Z3TA+2’s exotic programming combined with powerful synthesizer waveforms cut through the mix.,"Digital Sound Factory Z3TA+2 Ultraspheres fills the audio spectrum with massive cinematic textures and waveforms that are twisted with dynamic wave shaping control. These sounds are thick and edgy, and are not only the icing on the cake, but the foundation for prolonged creativity and imagination.","Digital Sound Factory Wave Scapes Expansion Pack explores the power of the Z3TA+2 synthesizers amazing wave shaping algorithms. Wave shaping parameters are programed to allow instant control over the waveforms harmonic characteristics using the modulation wheel, X-Y pad, velocity, and aftertouch.","Digital Sound Factory Z3TA+2 Xtreme Synth Bass finds the bottom and delivers a great set of extremely unique bass sounds. Xtreme Basses are shaped for harmonic adventure, Power Basses explode with punch, and Mello Basses are primed with smoothness.",EDM producer Encanti (Ben Cantil) is back with nearly 200 new Mutant presets... AND THIS TIME IT'S PERSONAL! Cakewalk Mutant R3LOAD is a suite of 197 all new sounds for Z3TA+ 2 from Encanti's personal arsenal of sounds crafted while teaching synthesis at Berklee Valencia and during production of his upcoming record.,"The BigTone EDM expansion for Z3ta+ 2 includes 127 handcrafted presets by sound design professional, Nico Herz. Catering to the expert and fledgling producer, the BigTone Pack provides a characteristic set of building blocks for your next electronic...",Celebrate your favorite characters with Star Wars™ Pinball: Heroes Within featuring four brand new pinball tables.,Antharion is an epic old-school fantasy RPG that combines tactical turn-based combat with the freedom of a huge living-breathing open world.,"The game tells the story of Walden, an old hunter who lives alone in the woods. Recently, Walden began to be haunted by a mysterious creature that destroyed the village located near his cabin, killing every person residing on the premises. Now, Walden wants revenge.",Sentinel is an interactive audio tower defense game. It mixes strategic gameplay with a dynamic music system.,"H-Hour: World's Elite™ is a TPV tactical, team-based multiplayer, military shooter in which cooperation among players is required for success on the battlefield.","A tiny, naked cosmonaut with a jetpack &amp;amp; laser blaster must revive a dying galaxy by planting one seed at a time. An innovative and addictive arcade adventure experience with mystery and intrigue in all the right places.",Shuffle your cards and ready your dice - Card Hunter is a fresh new card gaming spin on classic tabletop RPGs. Battle your way through a massive campaign solo or with friends and compete with other players in ranked play and tournaments.,"Ever wonder what sort of secrets are hidden amongst nature? Now’s your chance to find out. Soar through the skies, swim the depths of the ocean, and explore the lush rainforests in Wander, the non-combat explorative-based indie MMO. Slow moving and relaxing. Lots of trees, no explosions.",Coma:Mortuary is the introduction part of a trilogy about events in the world of the dead. The game`s genre is Adventure-Ambient with Horror-quest element.,"The Good Life is an intriguing combination of gameplay styles: part tycoon, part time-management, part simulation and 100% fun! Live the life you always dreamed of on your way to becoming the area top dog in this tropical sandbox game.","Heldric is a unique blend of hack-n-slash and tower defense rolled into one. Build and upgrade structures to defend against waves of monsters intent on killing everyone. Fight goblins, orcs, spiders, trolls and more. Do you have what it takes to survive?","Elliot Quest is an adventure/RPG where players explore the mysterious Urele island in search of an ancient demon. With 5 dungeons to conquer, 16 bosses to defeat, and countless treasures to discover and hidden areas. Well-balanced gameplay easy to pick up but challenging to master.","An Action RPG at its core, I Shall Remain combines role-playing elements with survival and strategic aspects, and creates a blend never before seen. Through complex, real-time character progression and RPG system, over a hundred abilities to learn and upgrade, dozens of weapons and enhancers, thousands of Infected, over twenty mutations,...","FRONTIERS blends the feel of first-person RPG classics like Daggerfall with the relaxing tempo and simplicity of a point-and-click adventure. Discover ancient mysteries, live off the land and fight deadly creatures, all in a beautiful, massive open world.","Welcome to Amazing World! An open-world, multiplayer extravaganza created by the makers of Webkinz. Play for free or become a member for just $3.99 a month to unlock extra characters, features, and content. The loveable Zings need your help to defeat the evil Queen Vexa so join the adventure today!",Hunt the largest and most ferocious animals known to man – the Dinosaurs!,Guns and Robots is free to play online third person shooter. The game brings robot action with massive customization. Players get cartoony bright 3D graphics in attractive environments and challenge each other in open arenas.,"Arson &amp;amp; Plunder is a 2D arcade/beat'em up adventure based on the genre classics of the 90's. The classic gameplay has been brought up to speed with the latest developments and trends! In typical beat'em up style, playing an orc or elf you wade through hordes of enemies out to kill you.","Find a way through the towers and dungeons of TRI by solving puzzles, climbing impossible ascents and reflecting light-rays. The mystical TRI will let you create your own paths in this strange world – just try not to lose your mind when you're falling upside down!",Cinders is a mature take on a classic fairytale with a heavy emphasis on player choices and role playing.,Dark Raid is a Retro FPS Action game developed by an indie developer 'Vector Games'.Dark Raid is a new concept of mixing good old-school FPS game styles and new generation graphics and game-play.Brace your selves to fight with sinister enemies and save the world!,"Road Not Taken is a roguelike puzzle game about surviving life’s surprises. You play as a ranger adventuring through a vast, unforgiving forest in the aftermath of a brutal winter storm, rescuing children who have lost their way.","Automation is a car company tycoon game in which you design and build cars from scratch. It is you who designs everything from the very core that is the engine, over the chassis, to the suspension and the car's looks. Several games have tried this before... but were able to merely scratch the surface.",Crawl is the local multiplayer dungeon crawler where your friends control the monsters! Battle through dungeons and power up your hero - if a friend kills you they take your place and it’s their turn to crawl. It's a race to gain enough XP and loot to take on the hulking final boss!,"The world’s first underwater stealth trivia game! Play as a foreign exchange diver student in a school for dolphins, cheating, sabotaging, and manipulating your way to the top of the class!",Cult of the Wind is a game about people who pretend to be airplanes.,"A fully cooperative horror experience like never before! On White Noise Online, a team of up to 4 investigators has to explore an area looking for clues, while avoiding being devoured by a supernatural creature. Will you be able to uncover the truth behind the mysterious events?","Dark Scavenger is a bizarre point-and-click RPG adventure with a focus on exploration, gaining loot, and meaningful choices. Filling the role of a powerful space traveler, you find yourself stranded on a mysterious alien planet. Will you save the world or just yourself?","Pivvot is a thrilling game of strategic avoidance that will consistently test and challenge your ability to make quick, impulsive decisions. As the game progresses, you will have to rely on your instincts and problem-solving skills to navigate down the winding path for survival.","Spirited Heart is a fantasy life simulation game. Create your fantasy alter ego choosing between an apparently normal human, a cute elf and a wicked demoness. Once the game start you'll be able to run your life in a virtual fantasy world: choose a job from the 20 different ones available, raise your stats, play random event and maybe...","Track the Bad Guys, be brutal and smart in your planning, and eliminate them one by one. But bear this in mind: each criminal’s death has to look like an accident. In each level, you’ll have the chance to splatter and destroy the Bad Guy using various weapons and traps.","Strategy, trade and empire building on the old Silk Road. Spice Road is a town building, social and economic simulation game full of original challenges.","Baron Wittard: Nemesis of Ragnarok is a single-player horror adventure game by Wax Lyrical Games. Travel to an indoor city constructed by eccentric architect Baron Wittard. Explore its haunted halls and passageways, discover an ancient evil, and solve devious puzzles. Take care traveller, because time is running out...","Knight Squad is an insane 1 to 8 players chaotic arena friendship destroyer. Take on current friends and future frenemies in any of the incredibly fun game modes, ranging from Last Man Standing to Medieval soccer. All of that using only weapons from the middle age… and laser guns… and miniguns.","Regain your riches, restore your honor and avenge your father's murder. A challenging trading game with lots of RPG elements.","A legendary Dragon is haunting the lands. Towns are set ablaze, and its magic power resurrects the evil creatures of the world. A hero is needed to travel to the corners of the lands and slay the beast to restore peace.",Aaru's Awakening is a hand drawn 2D action platformer set in the mythical world of Lumenox. Travel through the mysterious world while the story of the four gods unravels.,"A sci-fi colony sim driven by an intelligent AI storyteller. Inspired by Dwarf Fortress and Firefly. Generates stories by simulating psychology, ecology, gunplay, melee combat, climate, biomes, diplomacy, interpersonal relationships, art, medicine, trade, and more.","They Breathe is a short journey into the depths of a forest filled with water. As you swim deeper, it's up to you to figure out the rules of an insidious ecosystem where nothing is as it first seems, and where everyone is after the same precious resource – oxygen!",Galcon 2 is a demolition derby in space! Send swarms of ships from planet to planet to conquer the galaxy in this fast paced multiplayer strategy game!,This pack will get you everything you need to get started and a selection of 4 dungeons to kick start your adventure!,"Prepare yourself for another journey through series of new worlds, featuring multiple challenges with many ways to pass a level and resolve puzzles. A-MEN 2 allows you to hang out with your good, old friends once more.","A joyful, casual puzzle game that will tease both your wits and your memory!","Players have access to four tracks from the single player campaign, along with the first two tutorial levels. They also have access to the Editor for track creation and to the low level rider gear.",,"Solve the mystery of Kraken Cove with Scooby, Shaggy and the rest of the Mystery Machine Gang or help Bugs and Daffy discover who is behind the dastardly defective MOCME products that are creating chaos. Solve puzzles and fight enemies as you unlock the mysteries in this exciting cartoon world come to life.",12 virtuals BOOSTERS,36 virtual BOOSTERS,20 virtual BOOSTERS,The DLC includes the full game soundtrack.,"Always Remember Me Deluxe Content includes the full game soundtrack in MP3, wallpapers and chibi sprites at higher resolution.","Vitrum is a 3D, first person, puzzle/platform game. The main character is an android designed to convert energy from crystals into powers. The android can absorb energy in each of his hands, allowing him to combine different powers.","Crowntakers combines turn-based strategy with RPG elements and takes you at the behest of the crown into a medieval fantasy world full of challenging encounters and epic adventures. With its randomly generated world, Crowntakers offers a varied gaming experience every time you set out to fight evil.",A young family is invited to visit the newly opened museum in Egypt; while touring the museum they discover a long forgotten tomb of a cursed Pharaoh named Raned.,"Thrust into the role of &amp;quot;The Seed of Prophecy,&amp;quot; players travel deep into the living castle, in hopes of defeating the evil that dwells within – the dreaded Warlock Lord.","Fenix’s village was decimated by a huge explosion, leaving only our hero and the mysterious Oktarus. As Fenix, track down this shadowy villain through nine worlds, defeating brutal bosses and hundreds of minions bent on your destruction.","So who is haunting the schoolhouse, taking the toys and practically scaring the scales off all the guppies?",The Great Conch Shell has been stolen and it's up to Freddi Fish and Luther to catch the culprit!,"Hey Partner, Freddi Fish and Luther need your help!",X-Plane 10 Global - 64 Bit - Europe Scenery is a free optional DLC that you can activated thru your Steam Client. It will give you the default Europe Scenery.,There's more to this case than meets the eye!,Dive in to help Freddi Fish and Luther keep the ocean from draining and save the sea creatures!,Relive the most intense battle scenarios of medieval Europe in this third-person 3D epic saga. Brandish your sword as you slay enemies amidst adrenaline-pumping action while you lead your troops to victory.,"Play &amp;quot;Black Betty&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Ballroom Blitz&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;I Believe in a Thing Called Love&amp;quot; on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone accessible in AMP mode.","Due to a freak accident at the Fireworks Factory, Putt-Putt® is blasted to the moon!","Today's the grand opening of the Cartown Zoo, and there's still so much to do: zoo chow is running low, and all the baby animals are missing.","Mr. Firebird's time machine has gone haywire and Putt-Putt's® best pal Pep, is lost somewhere in time.",Putt-Putt® and Pep are ready to take your kids on the ride of their lives!,Mr. B.J. Sweeney needs you and Putt-Putt® to help his five main acts get ready for the show.,It's Pep's birthday and Putt-Putt® wants to surprise him with his first birthday party ever!,Jump in and help Pep collect all of the goodies before his rivals catch him!,"Now, two of your child's favorite friends have come together to offer an enchanting collection of 15 traditional, educational and fun-filled activities.",Get ready to jump in the water as you run the most exciting and wild marine park ever in the latest and greatest sea-life simulation!,"Anomaly Defenders is the closing installment of the Anomaly series. The original incarnation of the Tower Offense sub-genre had players controlling humans fighting alien invaders. Now, the tables have turned. The human counterattack is underway and the alien homeworld is under threat.","From the makers of the award-winning Imperium Galactica 1 and 2 games, discover a powerful space-opera like RTS game.","A stand-alone expansion pack to Legions of Iron, discover new innovations and even more stunning visuals that launch the Haegemonia experience into light speed.","The second entry in the critically acclaimed BlazBlue franchise, BlazBlue: Continuum Shift Extend adds a number of game play modes, story scenarios, new moves, and an all-new playable character to further enhance the BlazBlue experience and solidify its status as one of the all-time great 2D fighters.",In “RECYCLE: Garbage Truck Simulator” you drive impressively realistic garbage trucks through a lively city while taking on a range of management tasks as you head your own waste management enterprise.,"The critically acclaimed Valkyria Chronicles is now available on PC in 1080p True HD, including all previously released DLC!",Play &amp;quot;Rise Today&amp;quot; by Alter Bridge on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Ties That Bind&amp;quot; by Alter Bridge on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Blackbird&amp;quot; by Alter Bridge on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Isolation&amp;quot; by Alter Bridge on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Rise Today&amp;quot;, “Ties That Bind”, “Blackbird” and &amp;quot;Isolation&amp;quot; by Alter Bridge on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Amber&amp;quot; by 311 on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Beautiful Disaster&amp;quot; by 311 on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Down&amp;quot; by 311 on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Amber&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Beautiful Disaster&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Down&amp;quot; by 311 on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Black Tongue&amp;quot; by Mastodon on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Oblivion&amp;quot; by Mastodon on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Colony Of Birchmen&amp;quot; by Mastodon on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Black Tongue&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Oblivion&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Colony Of Birchmen&amp;quot; by Mastodon on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;The Distance&amp;quot; by Cake on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;I Will Survive&amp;quot; by Cake on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Never There&amp;quot; by Cake on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Short Skirt/Long Jacket&amp;quot; by Cake on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Stickshifts and Safetybelts&amp;quot; by Cake on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;I Will Survive&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Never There&amp;quot;, “Short Skirt/Long Jacket”, “Stickshifts And Safetybelts” and &amp;quot;The Distance&amp;quot; by Cake on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Anastasia&amp;quot; by Slash featuring Myles Kennedy and The Conspirators on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Back From Cali&amp;quot; by Slash featuring Myles Kennedy on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;You’re a Lie&amp;quot; by Slash featuring Myles Kennedy and The Conspirators on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Anastasia&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Back From Cali&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;You’re a Lie&amp;quot; by Slash on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;We’re All to Blame&amp;quot; by Sum 41 on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Fat Lip&amp;quot; by Sum 41 on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;In Too Deep&amp;quot; by Sum 41 on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Still Waiting&amp;quot; by Sum 41 on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;The Hell Song&amp;quot; by Sum 41 on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Fat Lip&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;In Too Deep&amp;quot;, “Still Waiting”, “The Hell Song” and &amp;quot;We’re All to Blame&amp;quot; by Sum 41 on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Ain’t No Sunshine&amp;quot; by Bill Withers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Sweet Dreams&amp;quot; by Roy Buchanan on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Funk #49&amp;quot; by James Gang on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Highway Star&amp;quot; by Deep Purple on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Awake&amp;quot; by Godsmack on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Cryin’ Like a Bitch&amp;quot; by Godsmack on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;I Stand Alone&amp;quot; by Godsmack on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Love-Hate-Sex-Pain&amp;quot; by Godsmack on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Voodoo&amp;quot; by Godsmack on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Awake&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;I Stand Alone&amp;quot;, “Love-Hate-Sex-Pain”, “Voodoo” and &amp;quot;Cryin’ Like a Bitch&amp;quot; by Godsmack on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Wipe Out&amp;quot; by The Surfaris on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Walk Don’t Run&amp;quot; by The Ventures on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Misirlou&amp;quot; by Dick Dale and His Del-Tones on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Devil in a Midnight Mass&amp;quot; by Billy Talent on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Fallen Leaves&amp;quot; by Billy Talent on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Red Flag&amp;quot; by Billy Talent on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Try Honesty&amp;quot; by Billy Talent on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Viking Death March&amp;quot; by Billy Talent on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Devil in a Midnight Mass&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Fallen Leaves&amp;quot;, “Try Honesty”, “Viking Death March” and &amp;quot;Red Flag&amp;quot; by Billy Talent on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Be Quiet and Drive (Far Away)&amp;quot; by Deftones on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Change (In the House of Flies)&amp;quot; by Deftones on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Digital Bath&amp;quot; by Deftones on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Hole in the Earth&amp;quot; by Deftones on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Be Quiet and Drive (Far Away)&amp;quot;, “Change (In the House of Flies)”, “Digital Bath” and &amp;quot;Hole in the Earth&amp;quot; by Deftones on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.","Play &amp;quot;Wipe Out&amp;quot; by The Surfaris, &amp;quot;Walk Don’t Run&amp;quot; by The Ventures, and &amp;quot;Misirlou&amp;quot; by Dick Dale and His Del-Tones on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Don’t Look Back Into The Sun&amp;quot; by The Libertines on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Can’t Stand Me Now&amp;quot; by The Libertines on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;What Katie Did&amp;quot; by The Libertines on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Don’t Look Back Into The Sun&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Can’t Stand Me Now&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;What Katie Did&amp;quot; by The Libertines on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Hold the Line&amp;quot; by Toto on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Escape (The Piña Colada Song)&amp;quot; by Rupert Holmes on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;China Grove&amp;quot; by The Doobie Brothers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;I Keep Forgettin’ (Every Time You’re Near)&amp;quot; by Michael McDonald on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Kiss On My List&amp;quot; by Daryl Hall and John Oates on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Laid to Rest&amp;quot; by Lamb of God on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Walk With Me In Hell&amp;quot; by Lamb of God on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Ghost Walking&amp;quot; by Lamb of God on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Ghost Walking&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Laid to Rest&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Walk With Me In Hell&amp;quot; by Lamb of God on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Black Chandelier&amp;quot; by Biffy Clyro on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Bubbles&amp;quot; by Biffy Clyro on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Many of Horror&amp;quot; by Biffy Clyro on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Mountains&amp;quot; by Biffy Clyro on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Stingin’ Belle&amp;quot; by Biffy Clyro on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Black Chandelier&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Bubbles&amp;quot;, “Many of Horror”, “Mountains” and &amp;quot;Stingin’ Belle&amp;quot; by Biffy Clyro on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Don’t Speak&amp;quot; by No Doubt on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Ex-Girlfriend&amp;quot; by No Doubt on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Spiderwebs&amp;quot; by No Doubt on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Don’t Speak&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Ex-Girlfriend&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Spiderwebs&amp;quot; by No Doubt on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Ordinary World&amp;quot; by Duran Duran on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Hungry Like the Wolf&amp;quot; by Duran Duran on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Rio&amp;quot; by Duran Duran on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Ordinary World&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Hungry Like the Wolf&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Rio&amp;quot; by Duran Duran on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.","Play &amp;quot;Rondo all Turca&amp;quot; by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, &amp;quot;Moonlight Sonata: Adagio Sostenuto&amp;quot; by Ludwig van Beethoven, “In the Hall of the Mountain King” by Edvard Grieg, ““Little” Fugue in G minor” by Johann Sebastian Bach, and &amp;quot;Ride of the Valkyries&amp;quot; by Richard Wagner on any electric guitar or bass.",Play &amp;quot;What I Got&amp;quot; by Sublime on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Wrong Way&amp;quot; by Sublime on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Smoke Two Joints&amp;quot; by Sublime on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Caress Me Down&amp;quot; by Sublime on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Santeria&amp;quot; by Sublime on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Caress Me Down&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Santeria&amp;quot;, “Smoke Two Joints”, “What I Got” and &amp;quot;Wrong Way&amp;quot; by Sublime on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Simple Man&amp;quot; by Lynyrd Skynyrd on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Stranglehold&amp;quot; by Ted Nugent on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;With Arms Wide Open&amp;quot; by Creed on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;One Last Breath&amp;quot; by Creed on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;My Sacrifice&amp;quot; by Creed on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;My Own Prison&amp;quot; by Creed on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Higher&amp;quot; by Creed on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;With Arms Wide Open&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;One Last Breath&amp;quot;, “My Sacrifice”, “My Own Prison” and &amp;quot;Higher&amp;quot; by Creed on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Enemies&amp;quot; by Shinedown on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Second Chance&amp;quot; by Shinedown on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Bully&amp;quot; by Shinedown on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;45&amp;quot; by Shinedown on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Sound of Madness&amp;quot; by Shinedown on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Bully&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;45&amp;quot;, “Sound of Madness”, “Second Chance” and &amp;quot;Enemies&amp;quot; by Shinedown on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",,Play &amp;quot;Hot Blooded&amp;quot; by Foreigner on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Double Vision&amp;quot; by Foreigner on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Feels Like The First Time&amp;quot; by Foreigner on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Cold As Ice&amp;quot; by Foreigner on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Cold As Ice&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Double Vision&amp;quot;, “Feels Like The First Time”, “Hot Blooded” and &amp;quot;Juke Box Hero&amp;quot; by Foreigner on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;I Am The Highway&amp;quot; by Audioslave on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Be Yourself&amp;quot; by Audioslave on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Like a Stone&amp;quot; by Audioslave on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Cochise&amp;quot; by Audioslave on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Show Me How to Live&amp;quot; by Audioslave on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Show Me How To Live&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Like a Stone&amp;quot;, “Cochise”, “Be Yourself” and &amp;quot;I Am The Highway&amp;quot; by Audioslave on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Seven Nation Army&amp;quot; by The White Stripes on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Fell in Love with a Girl&amp;quot; by The White Stripes on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;The Hardest Button to Button&amp;quot; by The White Stripes on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;You Don’t Know What Love Is (You Just Do As You’re Told)&amp;quot; by The White Stripes on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Blue Orchid&amp;quot; by The White Stripes on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Blue Orchid&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;The Hardest Button to Button&amp;quot;, “You Don’t Know What Love Is (You Just Do As You’re Told)”, “Fell in Love with a Girl” and &amp;quot;Seven Nation Army&amp;quot; by The White Stripes on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Nothin’ But A Good Time&amp;quot; by Poison on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;The Stroke&amp;quot; by Billy Squier on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Turn Up The Radio&amp;quot; by Autograph on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Seventeen&amp;quot; by Winger on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Holy Diver&amp;quot; by Dio on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Mr. Brightside&amp;quot; by The Killers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;When You Were Young&amp;quot; by The Killers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Somebody Told Me&amp;quot; by The Killers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Spaceman&amp;quot; by The Killers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Runaways&amp;quot; by The Killers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Mr. Brightside&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Somebody Told Me&amp;quot;, “When You Were Young”, “Spaceman” and &amp;quot;Runaways&amp;quot; by The Killers on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;My Curse&amp;quot; by Killswitch Engage on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;The End Of Heartache&amp;quot; by Killswitch Engage on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Holy Diver&amp;quot; by Killswitch Engage on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;My Curse&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;The End Of Heartache&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Holy Diver&amp;quot; by Killswitch Engage on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Learning to Fly&amp;quot; by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Refugee&amp;quot; by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;American Girl&amp;quot; by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Free Fallin’&amp;quot; by Tom Petty on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;I Won’t Back Down&amp;quot; by Tom Petty on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Learning to Fly&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Refugee&amp;quot;, “American Girl”, “Free Fallin’” and &amp;quot;I Won’t Back Down&amp;quot; by Tom Petty on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Tears Don’t Fall&amp;quot; by Bullet For My Valentine on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Hearts Burst Into Fire&amp;quot; by Bullet For My Valentine on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Your Betrayal&amp;quot; by Bullet For My Valentine on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Scream Aim Fire&amp;quot; by Bullet For My Valentine on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Hand Of Blood&amp;quot; by Bullet For My Valentine on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Tears Don’t Fall&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Hearts Burst Into Fire&amp;quot;, “Your Betrayal”, “Scream Aim Fire” and &amp;quot;Hand Of Blood&amp;quot; by Bullet For My Valentine on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;It’s My Life&amp;quot; by Bon Jovi on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Livin’ On A Prayer&amp;quot; by Bon Jovi on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Wanted Dead Or Alive&amp;quot; by Bon Jovi on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;You Give Love A Bad Name&amp;quot; by Bon Jovi on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Blaze Of Glory&amp;quot; by Bon Jovi on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;It’s My Life&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Livin’ On A Prayer&amp;quot;, “Wanted Dead Or Alive”, “You Give Love A Bad Name” and &amp;quot;Blaze Of Glory&amp;quot; by Bon Jovi on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Bombtrack&amp;quot; by Rage Against the Machine on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Bombtrack&amp;quot;, “Killing in the Name”, “Wake Up” and &amp;quot;Know Your Enemy&amp;quot; by Rage Against the Machine on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Renegades Of Funk&amp;quot; by Rage Against the Machine on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Bulls on Parade&amp;quot; by Rage Against the Machine on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Down Rodeo&amp;quot; by Rage Against the Machine on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Renegades Of Funk&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Bulls on Parade&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Down Rodeo&amp;quot; by Rage Against the Machine on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.","Play &amp;quot;Bombtrack&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Killing in the Name&amp;quot;, “Wake Up”, “Know Your Enemy”, “Renegades Of Funk”, “Bulls On Parade” and &amp;quot;Down Rodeo&amp;quot; by Rage Against the Machine on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Purple Haze&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;The Wind Cries Mary&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Manic Depression&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Purple Haze&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;The Wind Cries Mary&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Manic Depression&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Foxey Lady&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Bold As Love&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Castles Made Of Sand&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Foxey Lady&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Bold As Love&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Castles Made Of Sand&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Little Wing&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Freedom&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Fire&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Little Wing&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Freedom&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Fire&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;If 6 Was 9&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Voodoo Child (Slight Return)&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Red House&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;If 6 Was 9&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Voodoo Child (Slight Return)&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Red House&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.","Play “Purple Haze”, “The Wind Cries Mary”, “Manic Depression”, “Foxey Lady”, “Bold As Love”, “Castles Of Sand”, “Little Wing”, “Freedom”, “Fire”, “If 6 Was 9&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Voodoo Child (Slight Return)&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Red House&amp;quot; by Jimi Hendrix on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Guilty All The Same&amp;quot; by Linkin Park on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Bleed It Out&amp;quot; by Linkin Park on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;In The End&amp;quot; by Linkin Park on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Numb&amp;quot; by Linkin Park on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;One Step Closer&amp;quot; by Linkin Park on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;What I’ve Done&amp;quot; by Linkin Park on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Guilty All The Same&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Bleed It Out&amp;quot;, “In The End”, “Numb”, “One Step Closer”, and &amp;quot;What I’ve Done&amp;quot; by Linkin Park on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Black Hole Sun&amp;quot; by Soundgarden on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Spoonman&amp;quot; by Soundgarden on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Fell On Black Days&amp;quot; by Soundgarden on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Jesus Christ Pose&amp;quot; by Soundgarden on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Pretty Noose&amp;quot; by Soundgarden on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Black Hole Sun&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Spoonman&amp;quot;, “Fells On Black Days”, “Jesus Christ Pose” and &amp;quot;Pretty Noose&amp;quot; by Soundgarden on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.","In H1Z1: Just Survive, you’ll have to be cutthroat, resourceful, and alert to protect yourself from zombies, beasts, and the deadliest threat of all – your fellow humans.",*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game. The British Railways Standard Class 4 is a class of steam locomotive built during the 1950s primarily for mixed traffic use on secondary routes.,"*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game. In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the BR Class 20 Loco Add-On.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game. In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the BR Class 20 Loco Add-On.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game. In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the Network SouthEast Class 121 DMU Add-On.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game. In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the Network SouthEast Class 121 DMU Add-On.",*NOTE* this pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game. You must own the EWS &amp;amp; Freightliner Class 08s Loco Add-On before you will be able to use this add-on.,*NOTE* this pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game. You must own the EWS &amp;amp; Freightliner Class 08s Loco Add-On before you will be able to use this add-on.,"You must own the EWS &amp;amp; Freightliner Class 08s Loco Add-On before you will be able to use this add-on. If you check in the in-game store it will verify if you own it before you purchase. The Class 08 was the ‘go to’ locomotive for general purpose duties, with almost any shunting required in yards and at stations carried out by a...",You must own the EWS &amp;amp; Freightliner Class 08s Loco Add-On before you will be able to use this add-on. If you check in the in-game store it will verify if you own it before you purchase. This pack presents the Class 08 in its Railfreight livery and consists of two variations that represent a couple of configurations of toolboxes and...,"The Class 47 BR Blue paint scheme with Large Logo Highland Rail with ploughs. The Class 47 - or 'Brush Type 4' - was the definitive second generation, mixed traffic locomotive of British Rail's time. Introduced between 1962 and 1967, there were to be many variations and upgrades throughout the ensuing 45 years to present day operation.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game. In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the Union Pacific FEF-3 Loco Add-On.","*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game. In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the BR Class 07 add-on.","The BR52 Wannentender Pack includes the tube-style 2´2´ T30 BR52 tender in two versions, as it operated for the former DRG / DB and OeBB. Both versions are designed to couple to the BR52 steam locomotive as featured in earlier versions of Train Simulator and which is now available as part of the European Loco &amp;amp; Assets Pack.","The Torpedopfannenwagen Pack, or Torpedo Ladle Wagon, recreates the special wagons used for the transportation of molten Steel. A special heavy-duty design is required for this challenging and dangerous work.",The package includes the freight wagon Leig used for the transport of mixed cargo. End of the 1920s Deutsche Reichbahn started to use these wagons. The DB / DR and OeBB used these wagons until the 1970s.,"The iconic Swiss-made BBÖ 1100 series electric locomotive, nicknamed the Austrian Krokodil or Crocodile due to the long nose either end of the centrally-mounted driving cab, makes its way to Train Simulator with a heritage spanning more than 90 years.",The BR Blue-Grey coaches Pack 01 recreates certain specialised types of pre-nationalisation coaches which were pressed into service by British Railways to fulfil a requirement for sleeper and buffet cars.,"The BR Blue-Grey Coaches Pack 02 recreates certain specialised coach types which were retained after nationalisation by British Railways. Owing to a shortage of more modern Mk1 variants to fulfil the need for sleeper and buffet cars, these pre-nationalisation coaches remained in service and were repainted in BR Blue-Grey livery.","The BR Blue-Grey Coaches Pack 03 recreates various pre-nationalisation coaches which were retained in service by British Railways long after nationalisation. Certain variants of these older coach types remained in demand under British Railways to fulfil particular roles such as guard and luggage vehicles, and simply to boost available...","The LMS P3 Coaches Pack 01 recreates variants of LMS coaches in use from 1933 (Design Period 3), including the flush-sided coaches created by William Stanier in LMS maroon and Bloood &amp;amp; Custard liveries. It also includes the distinctive 6-Wheeled Full Brake coach in LMS maroon and BR Crimson.","The LMS P3 Coaches Pack 02 includes variants of the LMS coaches in use during Design Period 3 from 1933, including dining and brake variants, in LMS maroon and Blood &amp;amp; Custard liveries. It also features the 42-foot Utility van in LMS maroon and BR Crimson.","This pack recreates Collet coaches as they appeared under British Railways and GWR operation. The Collet Coaches Pack 01 for Train Simulator includes the following vehicles in Maroon, Crimson and Cream, and Chocolate and Cream liveries:Corridor CompositeCorridor ThirdBrake...","Gresley Coach Pack 01 for Train Simulator recreates different Gresley coach types of corridor and no-corridor variety in three different liveries. Gresley Coach Pack 01 for Train Simulator includes the following coach types in BR Maroon, LNER Teak and BR Blood &amp;amp; Custard: Brake ThirdFirstRestaurant CarSleeping...","Gresley Coach Pack 02 for Train Simulator recreates different versions of the Gresley coaches in Blood &amp;amp; Custard, BR Maroon and LNER Teak liveries. Gresley Coach Pack 02 for Train Simulator includes the following coach types: Brake CompositeFull...","Gresley Coach Pack 03 for Train Simulator recreates different versions of the Gresley coaches in Blood and Custard, BR Maroon and LNER Teak liveries.","The EWS Class 58 Livery Pack requires the BR Class 58 Loco Add-On to be installed. This pack contains three variants of the EWS Class 58 livery as carried by Class 58 locos under ownership of the English, Welsh &amp;amp; Scottish (EWS) company following privatisation of the BR network in the late 1990s.",Bulleid coaches were introduced by Southern in the 1940s by the Chief Mechanical Engineer O.V.S Bulleid. Bulleid coaches pass a lot of their design on the British Rail Mk1 coaches build during the 1950s but are recognisable by the small window above the droplight in the door.,Bulleid coaches were introduced by Southern in the 1940s by the Chief Mechanical Engineer O.V.S Bulleid. Bulleid coaches pass a lot of their design on the British Rail Mk1 coaches build during the 1950s but are recognisable by the small window above the droplight in the door.,Heldric is a unique blend of hack-n-slash and tower defense rolled into one. Build and upgrade structures to defend against waves of monsters intent on killing everyone. Do you have what it takes to survive?,"Stories in the Era of Europa Universalis IV is the ultimate collection of short stories set in a history that never was, inspired by the critically acclaimed Europa Universalis IV computer game by Paradox Development Studio.","Europa Universalis IV: Indian Subcontinent Unit Pack adds new units for Vijayanagar, Bengal, Hindu and Muslim parts of India These units will enhance the visual appeal of Europa Universalis IV.",Europa Universalis IV: Indian Ships Unit Pack adds 12 new unique ships for Indian nations. These ships will enhance the visual appeal of Europa Universalis IV.,"A minimal point and click adventure, designed to take the player on a short but memorable journey.","Schrödinger’s Cat is a fun, frantic, wacky and colourful puzzle-laden platform game. Following an emergency, the Particle Zoo is overrun with hungry leptons, sticky-fingered gluons and massive bosons. Schrödinger’s Cat must sort out this chaos!","Smugglers 5 is the fifth installment in the turn-based single-player space trading game series. Will you be a greedy trader, an ambitious fleet pilot or a ruthless pirate? Board enemy ships, manage factories, conquer star systems and forge your own galactic empire - ultimately, your actions will have an impact on a galactic scale.",Official soundtrack to Narcissu 1st &amp;amp; 2nd by stage-nana. Includes the theme song &amp;quot;Narcissus&amp;quot; featuring vocals by Eufonius and lyrics by Riya and music by Hajime Kikuchi.,"This is the original Soundtrack of the game Overcast - Walden and the Werewolf, created by Igo Carminatti.","Royal Quest offers a fresh MMO experience from the creators of Space Rangers and King's Bounty series. Join Guild Wars, conquer Castles, and battle other players in unique PvPvE locations, or explore the vast world of Aura and enjoy the story on your own.",Adventurer Manager Original Soundtrack &amp;amp; Wallpaper Pack!,"The original roguelike/4X strategy game where every turn is one year of your life. Explore, find a mate, build a home, and raise a child before you die to keep your legacy going. Praised as &amp;quot;the offspring of Sid Meier's Civilization, Jason Rohrer's Passage, and The Legend of Zelda.&amp;quot; 2011 IndieCade Finalist.","Unravel the mystery uncovered by a remote interplanetary mining operation. What did they find? What threat does it pose? And ultimately, what does it truly mean to be a hero?","Stunning detail of levels, in-depth gameplay, finely tuned balance of all levels and turrets. The new, engaging levels are even more stunning and impressive.",HIVE JUMP is a sci-fi action platformer for 1-4 players blending run ‘n gun gameplay with roguelike elements.,"The most unique and interesting overhead shooter on Steam. To truly succeed in Particle Mace you must become a master of physics, thrust, and inertia.","Darkwind is a multiplayer online, simultaneous turn-based game of vehicular combat. Set in a post-apocalyptic world, it involves physics-based tactical combat and deathracing, online leagues as well as cooperative wilderness scouting and looting, trading and camp-based crafting.","Sweezy Gunner is an eye melting, brain bending, mouse squeezing 2D Shoot em up. destroy everything in your path, Upgrade the Sweezy Gunner ship. A Large open World! Travel through the lush green fields, frozen tundra and arid desert. Explore the depths of the many dungeons, caves and temples and collect that tasty loot!",The Floor is Jelly is a game by Ian Snyder with music by Disasterpeace that answers the question: what if everything you touched was made of jello?,A fast-paced mashup of roguelikes and first-person shooters.,Experience the epic journey of Nuna and Fox as they search for the source of an eternal blizzard that threatens the survival of everything they have ever known.,"A city gone mad with violence and the mass murder of its people. In this interactive graphic-novel, your choices can either lead you to the ultimate destruction of this fallen metropolis, or the demise of a vicious butcher. Will you save this city as promised or will you fall prey to the killer within?","The Dungeoning is a difficult action platformer with character levelling, set in a procedurally generated dungeon. Kill enemies, level up using experience and master varied weapons and magic. Collect gold to spend with traders and buy better weapons. Try NG+ and beyond for an extra challenge.","Olympia Rising is a 2-D action platformer starring Iola - a young warrior who has been cast into the Underworld after meeting an untimely end. She must navigate through the various twisted regions of Hades' domain, fighting through hoards of deadly creatures as she attempts her escape, making her way to Mount Olympus.","Swipecart is a physics powered mine cart racing game that rewards patience and skill. It combines vehicle physics with clever and challenging level design. Compete for the fastest times across 60 official tracks and 3 deadly mountains, or create your own.",Evopollution is a business strategy game that incorporates the environment into the game.,"Prepare to destroy, loot, and pilot remarkably agile cyber gunships in an open world where every opponent has unique intelligence and skill. Combine hundreds of upgrades with action RPG loot and leveling for a gaming experience quite unlike anything you have played before.",Qasir al-Wasat is a stealth action-adventure set in a mysterious 12th Century Syrian palace. Play as an invisible and fragile creature summoned from another world to complete an assassination mission inside an enigmatic palace.,"Battlepaths is a loot-centric and addictive 2D-RPG featuring neat monster hacking, an excellent loot system, and great variety in character development. Learn skills, use powerfull potions, and hunt down the Chaos Overlord.","MIND: Path to Thalamus is a First Person Puzzler that throws you into a fantastic and surreal environment. You will bend the natural elements to your will in order to progress in this emotive, mindbending tale. Now also in Virtual Reality!","G-Ball is a new sports game set in orbit of Mars in the not-so-distant future. Astronaut athletes challenge you in a mash-up of basketball, football, and dodgeball as you soar through a zero gravity arena in 3 on 3 team matches.",Octodad: Dadliest Catch Original Soundtrack Written and Produced by Seth Parker Artwork by Chris Stallman,"Western Germany, March 1964... The last Great War rages on. Madness at the front lines. Men butchering each other. War-torn Europe stands ripped apart by a front line that runs straight through the heart of Germany where American and Western European troops battle against enemy forces.",Brigade E5: New Jagged Union is a tactical game that places gamers in the small tropical nation of Palinero on the verge of a civil war. The mission: hire a band of mercenaries and take control of the deteriorating situation before the country finds itself in complete ruin.,"The Farm Frenzy series of casual sims gets a makeover in this sequel. Choose and dress your character, and then get busy saving the family farm! Virtual farming has never been more fun, so grab yer overalls, roll up yer sleeves and get ready for an egg-crackin', cow-milking, sheep-shearin' good time!","The Promised Land, a brave new world , the hole nation – all this lies in your hands! Become a true leader, a chosen one, a father of nation! Guide your colony to the victory of the modern superpower! We collected all the best that is in games of this genre, arched by exciting mini-games and carefully turned it into the deep and...","TownCraft is a chill-out crafting and city-building game. Instead of just surviving, you must turn your empty plot of land and its rarely-used road into a bustling town full of shops, workers and taverns.","Ballistic Overkill is a fast paced PvP shooter. Select one of 7 classes, each with their own skills and weapons. Make multiple loadouts with each, creating different builds within the same character. No wimpy support classes, in Ballistic everyone is a killer!","Take the fight into the wilderness: Kodiak Station teems with life, with lush vegetation running through its massive central biospheres. Equip yourself with camouflage armor to blend in and improve your chances of survival. A portion of every copy sold goes to Loki, the community mapper who created Kodiak!","Volokonovka 1942 is an addon for Graviteam Tactics: Operation Star, which adds a new summer area of operations - Volokonovka village and new operations for the Red Army and Wehrmacht during Operation Blau (July 1942).","An epic, challenging tower defense game with an emphasis on strategy and replayability. Summon gems of immense magical potency and harness their unique abilities against a seemingly endless horde of monsters. The archdemon seeks to swallow the world, and you must journey to stand against her.","Experience a fast-paced, single-player adventure mixing fluid motion, split-second decision making, stylized machine-age visuals, and a dynamic soundscape.","An ancient power lies hidden, deep within Coldfire Keep, threatening the peaceful town of Newsettle. Now four friends must take it upon themselves to become heroes, and venture into the depths on a quest to secure their town's future.","Niko is a spiritual journey through the dreams, where adventure, puzzles and mysteries come together in an oneiric and minimalist world. Dare to dream!","Lords of Xulima is a challenging Role-playing game set on the mythical continent of Xulima, where Gods and humans once walked side by side. Experience a genuine RPG featuring over 100 hours of gameplay, and discover one of the most epic sagas ever told.","Draconian Wars is the most strategic and challenging card game. Every card available; no additional purchases or microtransactions. Bring it all to the table. Take the challenge, command armies of zeppelins and robots or unleash the fury of the ancient dragons. The fate of Hyperborea lies in your hands.","Turn out the lights, take a deep breath, and prepare yourself. Explore the depths of the immersive, atmospheric world of Kraven Manor. Uncover its secrets, solve its mystical puzzles, and face its growing threat. Face your fears and see if you have what it takes...the doors of Kraven Manor await you.","Puzzle a shivering jello through 48 levels of a haunted house. But beware! Scary monsters are waiting in the dark! Your only chance of survival is to scare the monsters back before the jello quivers, shivers and faints from fear. Fight evil witches, rattling skeletons and rusty knights with an arsenal of crazy weapons!","Monstrum takes the traditional survival horror formula and remixes it completely with procedurally generated levels, permadeath, and AI driven predators, ensuring that nowhere on its derelict cargo ship is ever truly safe.","Viktor is an action-packed sidescrolling adventure with gameplay inspired by classics such as Castlevania and Megaman. As Viktor, you will fight your way through hordes of relentless enemies, lurking traps, and fearsome bosses who will try to keep you from your mission.","Real Boxing™ brings you the most exhilarating, no holds barred boxing experience ever seen on Steam. Featuring ultra-realistic motion capture from real boxers, with amazing graphics built using the powerful Unreal Engine, you’ll be sure to feel every hook, jab, and uppercut.","Hyper-charged, 5-on-5 tank shooter from the future! Dash, dodge, and crush your enemies with top-notch pilots in fully customizable tanks. Pick your parts and charge into battle in neon-drenched futuristic cityscapes of mayhem.","Join feeble Al Emmo on a journey into the heart of the Wild-West in search of love, adventure, and gold! A looming, thousand-year-old Aztec curse is bound to keep Al on his toes. Does redemption lie within the haunted depths of the Lost Dutchman's Mine? Find out in this Wild Western adventure game.","Dreaming Sarah is an adventure platformer where you play as Sarah, a girl who is in a coma. Explore the world around her and help her wake up!",Neon Shadow is a fast paced Cyber Punk FPS inspired by classic shooters.,Huge classic platformer with several power-ups and 8-12 hours of main story &amp;amp; 300+ hidden locations just begging for exploration · 56 big Levels · 5 huge worlds,"Ascendant is the unforgiving beat 'em up in which you are a demigod invading a world controlled by your rivals. Choose your fate by discovering Blessings, equipping mighty weapons and spells, and learning to survive in this brutal realm. Only the most impressive warriors have a chance of victory.","In this strategic rogue-like you become a famous expedition leader in the 19th century. You form your own crew with the skills and personality to discover legendary treasures, while exploring randomized locations and stories on every new adventure.",The Breach &amp;amp; Clear Frozen Synapse Pack adds a new team as well as five new missions based on the hit game Frozen Synapse.,"The most popular Heroes® title of all time is back in HD! Fifteen years later, rediscover the epic tale of Queen Catherine Ironfist, as she re-embarks on her critically acclaimed quest to unite her ravaged homeland and re-conquer the kingdom of Erathia.","Play as Dusty and Kitsune, in human forms.","Land on a planet, pick up some rocks, leave before the solar system explodes. Oh, and don't die in the nightly robot attacks! Freaking Meatbags is a humorous real-time strategy game that's all about building a base, mixing meatbag DNA, then convincing those dolts to help you gather resources.","Evil and heresy have invaded Calcarès, but that is without counting on the inquisitor and his uncompromising methods for foiling the fiendish plans threatening the village.","Take command of the Navigos Traffic Control Station and with the help of a fleet of Police Frigates, Customs Clippers and Tugboats. Guide cargoships, couriers, luxury liners and cruisers safely to their destinations.","Our journey begins when Max Walker starts a contract with the Alliance of Planets and immediately gets drawn into a galaxy-spanning conflict. His mission will take him beyond the reaches of space, while fighting many different opponents and meeting pirate overlords, scheming politicians, deceitful allies and ambitious leaders – all...","Cosmic DJ is a quick, &amp;quot;pick-up and play&amp;quot; musical experience about the joy of music creation for budding intergalactic musicians of all skill levels. Set among the stars, you will strive to become the legendary Cosmic DJ through six musical adventures as you’re tasked with repairing the all-important “Jamtennas” and bring...","Heavy Bullets is a randomized FPS dungeon crawler where players make their way through a colorful maze, while protecting themselves from aggressive creatures and malfunctioning security devices. The goal lies at the end of the 8th level, where they must reset the security mainframe to restore order and reap the rewards.","Between our world and the world beyond lie the Titan Souls, the spiritual source and sum of all living things. Now scattered amongst the ruins and guarded by the idle titans charged with their care, a solitary hero armed with but a single arrow is once again assembling shards of the Titan Soul in a quest for truth and power.",The Office Pack is perfect for characters working the classic 9 to 5!,"The Business Pack is made for corporate leaders!This pack is a collection of outfits perfect for characters with office jobs or in positions of authority. The business style is ideal for administrators, principals, executives and other roles where people have to look their best.","From a leisurely jog to an intense bench-pressing session, your Manga characters need a great work-out outfit!",The RPG Costume Pack adds fantasy adventure to ComiPo!,Original Soundtrack of QUALIA 3: Multi Agent by DEKU,"FAMAZE is a retro themed roguelike puzzle adventure game. Choose the the dashing Knight, the cunning Thief, or the mystical Wizard each with unique special powers. Delve into The Mad King's ever changing dungeon to rescue the rutabagas! Never the same game twice! Music by Disasterpeace and Art by Oryx.","Exodus Wars: Fractured Empire is a futuristic, 3D turn-based strategy wargame that puts you in brigade-level control of infantry, armored companies and massive super-vehicles.","A strange murder has occurred in the Hotel Lisbon, a man committed suicide with 14 stabs to the back while at the same time he peacefully drank his coffee. This case with contradictory facts could only be solved by the amazing Detective Case and his sidekick, Clown Bot.","Pro wrestling video games lost their classic style of fun over a decade ago, and we're bringing it back with Pro Wrestling X. This lean-and-mean, no-frills Early Access debut is made BY wrestling fans, FOR wrestling fans.","Enter the exciting world of Arcade ownership! Play through the 1980's arcade revolution by buying arcade machines for your customers to play! Customize your arcade to increase its popularity! Manage your finances, capitalize on newly released games, but beware the pitfalls that could bankrupt you!","The Old City: Leviathan is an experiment in first person exploration that focuses entirely on story. All that exists is you and the world. Set in a decaying city from a civilization long past, The Old City: Leviathan puts the player in the shoes of a sewer dwelling isolationist.",Lead a swarm through battles for freedom in an atmospheric action adventure!,"Trace Vector is a modern take on tough as nails, high speed, vector, action arcade games from the 1980's. Turn up the music, navigate your ship through high speed warp networks, maintain your fuel reserves, avoid deadly hazards, and try to safely return home! Quarters not required.","Take on the role of the captain of a troubled jumbo jet carrying infected passengers intent on bringing the plane out of the sky, or pit yourself against hundreds of zombies in the interior of a jumbo jet or even walk along the outside as you fight to regain control as one of the passengers.","Xsyon is a player driven apocalyptic fantasy sandbox MMORPG, set in a living and evolving environment. Players create the world they want to live in as they form tribes, construct towns, shape landscapes, create quests, hunt, farm, gather, build societies and develop a New World.",Spy Chameleon RGB Agent is a challenging arcade-puzzle game where the player needs to avoid being spotted thanks to the color-changing mechanisms of the main character.,The original No Time To Explain Soundtrack is now available on Steam!,"Restoring the power of a kingdom to its former glory using innate cunning, military might and a fearsome will to win.","Warning: This game is crammed full of monsters, cake, amazing powers, puzzly bits, epic adventure, witty repartee, secret paths, unlockable characters, silly hats and a wiener dog. Use caution if you are allergic to fun or overly sensitive to cake-related pathos.","Rocko must journey through several themed environments, including swamps, mountains, castles and caves, while fending off a variety of beastly assailants.",The adventure continues! Adventurer's Journey 3 features 20 emotional tracks that will bring your stories to life.,"Feel the power flow as you listen to spells recited by skilled mages!Mystic Voices is a unique pack comprised of sound files that can be mixed and matched to simulate vocalizing spells. Created by Murray Atkinson, this pack includes a large variety of Latin words that can be used for spell names, special attacks and more.","From spiritual to epic, there's something for everyone in this versatile new pack.Inspired by some of the most beloved orchestral theme, Rebel Rapture draws on the power of voices to deliver an incredible musical medley.","Although this pack is mainly to supplement the existing Wild Steam resource bundle, it can be used on it's own to create unique characters and Steam Machines.Here in this pack you will find many resources to create all of your own custom Walking spritesheets in 4 and 8 directions (8 frames of animation), Idle animations in 4 and 8...","This stylish and pulp-fiction inspired pack contains a large mix of tiles and characters, conveniently bundled together for an affordable price.Created by Vexed Enigma, POP!: Horror City Bundle is the first entry in a brand new series of character and environment sets.","From the creators of Frontier Works, a crew of 16 futuristic heores and bgm to use in your RPGs.",Endless Legend is a 4X turn-based fantasy strategy game by the creators of Endless Space and Dungeon of the Endless. Control every aspect of your civilization as you struggle to save your homeworld Auriga. Create your own Legend!,"It is the year 198X. Big hair is hot, and the war with the Soviets is colder than a refreshing glass of New Coke. RAD RAYGUN must travel the world fighting communist robots, and save the 1980′s by shooting his way through the decade in a totally fresh, expanded version of the original XBLIG game.","A first-person Walking Simulator exploring the deeper meaning of family, life goals, and personal choices (with a bit of humor and old-school sci-fi homage mixed in) – set on beautiful and lonely alien worlds.","Overruled is a multiplayer brawler like no other - players change the rules and objectives as they play, directly influencing the dynamics of the game. No two games are ever the same!","Close Combat: Gateway to Caen is the latest release in the critically-acclaimed Close Combat series, and the final release of the current game engine. Gateway to Caen focuses on the largest, concentrated British offensive since the Normandy landings in an attempt to penetrate the German lines west of Caen and cross the Odon River to get...","Qvadriga is a tactical game of chariot racing in ancient Roman circuses, where you take control of a four horse chariot team. Choose your preferred upgrade combinations and prove your skills at the arena.","Chaos Domain Soundtrack, written and performed by AmadeuZ. All tracks are in MP3 format.",Customize your truck with a choice of 10 unique Metallic paint jobs!,"Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation: Flying Union Jack, UK Flag Metallic, UK Flag Decal, and London Sights.","Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation: Flying Irish Flag, Irish Flag Metallic, Irish Flag Decal, and Irish Harp.","Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation: Flying Scottish Flag, Scottish Flag Metallic, Scottish Flag Decal, and Kilted Warrior.","Daughters of Mars Unit PackAthena, Bellona, Andraste, Mars: whichever war deity these soldiers pledged their lives to received a solemn promise of victory in the face of even the most formidable enemies. Whether in defence of their homelands, or called upon to fulfil their part in glorious conquest, female combat units featured...","Total War: ROME II – Black Sea Colonies Culture PackThe Black Sea Colonies Culture Pack introduces three new playable factions into the ROME II Grand Campaign: Cimmeria, Pergamon and Colchis. Originally citizens of the Greek States, these pioneering peoples have settled far from home, intermingling their customs with those of far-flung...",This Language Pack is for those who wish to learn Russian with Influent.,This Language Pack is for those who wish to learn Italian with Influent.,This Language Pack is for those who wish to learn European Portuguese with Influent.,"Split/Second is an intense action racing game set within a reality TV show. Competitors vie to be the first to the finish line in a set rigged to blow. Players don’t just collide with other vehicles to knock them from the track, but can also trigger devastating events that alter the race dynamics.","An additional playable scenario for the title &amp;quot;Nobunaga's Ambition: Souzou.&amp;quot; This scenario centers around Nobunaga's grand plan to unite the land, and the historical drama that it ignited.","An additional playable scenario for the title &amp;quot;Nobunaga's Ambition: Souzou.&amp;quot; After the Incident at Honnoji, chaos reigns once more, and heroes from across the land vie for power.","An additional playable scenario for the title &amp;quot;Nobunaga's Ambition: Souzou.&amp;quot; Following Shingen's death, Nobunaga senses an opportunity to strike at the Takeda clan. In this age of uncertainty, heroes are made and legends are born.","An additional playable scenario for the title &amp;quot;Nobunaga's Ambition: Souzou.&amp;quot; This scenario centers around the great strategist Motonari Mori, and the time he made his move. This is the story of men who dreamed of conquest, and risked their lives.","An additional playable scenario for the title &amp;quot;Nobunaga's Ambition: Souzou.&amp;quot; Nobunaga Oda, in an attempt to seize control of the land, comes face to face with the honorable Kenshin Uesugi. This is the story of men who followed their ambitions to the bitter end.","An additional playable scenario for the title &amp;quot;Nobunaga's Ambition: Souzou.&amp;quot; This scenario centers around the bold and ambitious One-Eyed Dragon, Masamune Date, and his heroic gamble to seize control of the land. This is a story of passion and unbridled ambition.","An additional playable scenario for the title &amp;quot;Nobunaga's Ambition: Souzou.&amp;quot; The time has finally arrived for the Takeda Army, reputedly the strongest in the land, to march upon the capital. Shingen's illness has healed, and he is no longer uncertain of what he desires.",SteamWorld Dig's Original Soundtrack.,"Space Colony: Steam Edition is a remaster of the real-time base builder and strategy game from Firefly Studios, creators of the Stronghold series. In Space Colony you colonize to survive, designing intergalactic bases that keep your crew productive, happy and defended against hostile alien threats.","Everything, and we mean everything, you need to play Savage Worlds is now built directly into our updated interface: card dealing initiatives, wild dice, a card dealing combat tracker that is shareable with the players, and drag-and-drop dice directly from the character sheet are now possible with this Fantasy Grounds II upgrade!","The Season Pass will allow you to access the three upcoming MotoGP™14 additional content packs: the Laguna Seca Red Bull US Grand Prix, the Donington Park British Grand Prix and the Red Bull Rookies Cup. Race with the young pretenders and with your MotoGP™ idols in these thrilling events.",The MotoGP™14 Laguna Seca Red Bull US Grand Prix pack adds this sensational circuit to the game.,The Red Bull Rookies Cup will add the game this exciting competition.,The MotoGP™14 Donington Park British Grand Prix pack adds this sensational circuit to the game.,"First-person shooters and roguelikes have finally tied the knot! Their offspring, ROGUE SHOOTER, tasks you with navigating a space station run amok. Blast aliens and kick robots in the face as you traverse each level; collecting weapons and gaining experience along the way. How far will you go when death lurks around every corner?",Can you help Susan get back to Caitlin and escape the museum together?,What began as a conflict over the transfer of consciousness from flesh to machines escalated into a war which has decimated a million worlds. The Core and the Arm have all but exhausted the resources of a galaxy in their struggle for domination.,The ascendant spacefaring 4X strategy game returns! A new chapter in the epic Master of Orion saga is poised to once again capture the imaginations of millions of gamers.,"Hidden in the towering Himalayas lies Kyrat, a country steeped in tradition and violence. You are Ajay Ghale. Traveling to Kyrat to fulfill your mother’s dying wish, you find yourself caught up in a civil war to overthrow the oppressive regime of dictator Pagan Min.",Discover dark secrets in this chilling point and click adventure as you encounter an ancient evil lurking in the walls of the home that holds a terrible connection to a timeless struggle between man and magic.,"On a distant edge of an unknown planet, an abandoned structure sits in silence. Constructed by an unmanned research vessel sent from Earth, the Lun Infinus station was designed to run simulations for a five year period, exploring possibilities of human colonization in the case that Earth became uninhabitable.","Earth is dying. In a desperate effort to save humanity, all the nations of Earth pool their dwindling resources together one last time to construct and equip three space ships. The mission: Terraform Mars and pave the way for human settlement of the planet.","Destroy, smash and blast your way to victory! Use advanced weapons and vehicles to dominate the battlefield.","Take control of a cyberdragon and annihilate swarms of rocket propelled chainsaws either online or via LAN in this high speed, high skill 8 player co-op twinstick shooter.","The fight for Earth has begun! Get ready for intense tactical combat in PvE and PvP. Choose a faction, build your base and recruit troops. Develop unique strategies to surprise and defeat your enemies. Get your troops ready and join the war today!","FLASHOUT 2, the sequel to the highly-acclaimed anti-gravity racer FLASHOUT 3D is finally here! Get into one of many ultra-fast ships and use your arsenal of rockets, guns, bonuses and upgrades to fight your way to victory!","Immortal Defense is a story-driven tower defense game in which you give up your body and life to become an immortal &amp;quot;path defender&amp;quot;, and defend your home world from destruction, forever. The game takes place over millions of years. Is there anything you would give up everything to defend?","Break through ceilings, rescue princesses and escape boiling lava as you slash your way to the top of the Knightmare Tower!","Experience the mesmerizing world of Dreii, the award-winning collaborative physics conundrum.","Engage in epic RTS warfare across 3 huge campaigns as well as other battle modes. Create your own fleet of ships, pick your side and enter into World War II naval combat on a global scale.",Orbital Gear is a fast paced sidescroller shooter where you utilize the gravitation of celestial objects to give you momentum through space. Arm your Mech with two of the twelve different weapons and destroy your enemies.,Can you create the raddest spaceship? Captain Forever Remix is the spaceship builder roguelike. Voyage across the Solar System and blast apart randomly-generated enemies for spare parts. This is an officially-licensed re-imagining of the indie classic Captain Forever.,A First Person Shooter Gun Ballet set in a cutesy abstract world. Jump and shoot your way through five worlds full of treacherous enemies with your trusty semi-automatic!,"Ylands is both a sandbox exploration adventure and a platform for making custom games, ranging from simple scenarios to sophisticated game modes.",X-Plane 10 Global - 64 Bit - Africa Scenery is a free optional DLC that you can activate thru your Steam Client. It will give you the default Africa Scenery.,The Escapists provides players the opportunity of experiencing a light-hearted insight into everyday prison life with the main objective being that of escaping!,The Brawlhalla Collectors pack includes 3500 Mammoth Coins | The All Legends Pack | Collectors &amp;quot;Asgardian Elite&amp;quot; Weapon Skins (for all current and future weapons) | Collectors &amp;quot;Champion of the Brawl&amp;quot; Bodvar Skin | Collectors &amp;quot;Flames of Ragnarok&amp;quot; KO special effect | Collectors Edition Nameplate | Steampunk Sid,"Trailblazer Pack Overview:We're utilizing Closed Beta to make development a collaborative process. Founder's Packs grant you unrestricted access to the Landmark Closed Beta, so you can help create the world of Landmark. Additionally, each Founder’s Pack offers exclusive items you’ll only be able to get through purchasing a pack.","- The Official Soundtrack in both MP3 and Wav formats, with music from various Indonesian indie bands - The official DreadOut Manga. 100 pages side stories based on DreadOut the game.","Chaos Domain Soundtrack, written and performed by AmadeuZ. All tracks are in MP3 format.",The Gone Home Original Soundtrack (GH:OST) by Chris Remo,"Get ready to take a trip back to the 80s, the 1880s! Help young Queen Victoria fight her way across Mars and attempt to escape home in this exceedingly retro arcade adventure! Prepare to bosh rocks! - with only the occasional break for tea and scones.","This DLC package contains: The 70 minute original orchestral soundtrack for CONSORTIUM, composed by Jeremy Soule (Skyrim and countless other games)A 140 page lore Compendium PDF entitled &amp;quot;iDGi-1 Discoveries&amp;quot;, which includes sound files, videos, and many images, and deeply details the deep and expansive lore behind CONSORTIUM.","Can Marine, Benoit, Karine and her friends find 12 warriors to confront the 13 dreaded Lords of Mystrock? Will Jeanne the magical fairy still support them and unleash her devastating spells on the foes? Play Millennium 2, live the tale and find out!","Time is running out for Marine and her friends. She needs to find warriors at all costs, but all she seems to stumble into is a mermaid, a werewolf, a dragon and hordes of crazy orcs... can you get her out of trouble, in one of the best episodes of the award-winning Millennium series?","A few days only are left to make the impossible possible... but now that Marine has combed the whole territory of Myst, chances to find the last few warriors wear really thin... or can she go on the track of the legendary man who calls himself The Bear, and boasts of incredible power?","How can 13 peasants challenge 13 rich, powerful and well-educated martial artists? Enter the final, grandiose episode of a saga no stranger to the likes of Karate Kid, and carrying an uplifting message of hope, perseverence and friendship.","With this extension for Lords of Xulima, you will start the adventure with a very special artifact: The Talisman of Golot. Known as &amp;quot;The Voice of Golot&amp;quot;, this artifact not only can speak with you but also has the ability to aid you by granting wishes when you need it the most.","What time is it? It’s time to join Finn (the human) and his best bro Jake (the shape shifting dog) on an original heroic adventure through the mysterious Nameless Kingdom. Go on epic quests, solve puzzles and uncover secrets by exploring a new realm created exclusively for the video game.","Space Hulk: Deathwing is a First-Person Shooter experience based on Games Workshop's classic Space Hulk boardgame set in the universe of Warhammer 40,000.","High speed hack-and-slash action!Tonight, in the Queen's realm of Ilance, two prodigies representing the Knight and Aristocrat factions will do battle in ‘the Adjuvant Trial’. This ritual, which has been held since the founding of the nation, decides which faction will hold military and political authority, and protect the Queen, the...","Explore disturbing corners of the human psyche. Delve into a dimension of nightmares, the occult and a tense psychological world created in classic Lovecraftian style. As police detective Howard E. Loreid, you are tasked to solve the murder of Clark Field, a wealthy man involved in the occult.","In &amp;quot;The Dark Lineage&amp;quot; you re-take the role of police detective Howard Loreid, a man tormented by the paranormal happenings around him. Howard discovers that his own terrible past has some connection to the madness that is about to swallow him, yet again.","When her children are kidnapped by a mysterious conductor, a determined mother jumps an antique train and finds herself surrounded by unusual passengers.","You carved your soul to shreds in servitude to a dark god, but false promises and betrayal were your only reward. Now you have a score to settle and it will be measured in blood! Experience the madness in one carnage-soaked package! All the gore, all the unholy war! Zombies, gargoyles, hellhounds and blood-crazed hordes of horrors await!",Includes original Blood II: The Chosen and add-on package The Nightmare LevelsAn immersive atmosphere full of dark humor and exciting actionFour playable characters and wide variety of weapons,Warrior Kings: Battles maintains the excitement that made Warrior Kings a leading RTS. It is a stand-alone title that adds a new strategic and tactical dimension to the series.,A cosplay management and dating simulation.,The adventure of the little beneficial cell continues!,An Ancient and most sinister evil threatens the soul of an innocent young girl. Explore the remote and mysterious theatre to uncover lost horrors and find the solution. Can you outwit the beast?,Delve into Linda's nightmare before her real journey begins.,Want more beginners adventures for Fantasy Grounds? Here they are! Fangs from the Past is a basic Pathfinder adventure written by the master adventure writer Tito Leati. It features pre-loaded statblocks for monsters and is fully playable with the PFRPG ruleset.,Anna wakes up in a vast and mysterious undersea temple with amnesia. By unlocking the enchanted Imperial Relics she must rediscover her own lost identity and the forbidden secrets of Dark Empress before it’s too late.,Anna must find a way up to the floating Temple of the Clouds and with the help of her mystic animal guides find and save the children of light from the evil Empress Pandora.,"Help Melissa find her son, his kidnapper and avoid the police radar!",Can you overcome the mysteries of the Millionaire Manor and stop the macabre machinations of a madman?,"ibb &amp;amp; obb's soundtrack is created by Kettel, a Dutch electronic musician who's known for his warm melodic tunes.In order to get the soundtrack you need to have the game ibb &amp;amp; obb installed.","Set sail for a new world, where exotic monstrosities, lost treasures and new empire building opportunities await!This expansion contains bucket loads of new content such as the Halflings – our new playable race - and the campaign telling the story of their struggle for survival.","The Transistor Original Soundtrack by Darren Korb with vocals by Ashley Barrett features more than 60 minutes of music created exclusively for the game, fully remastered for this release and with all-new bonus material.","A speeding power boat, a humble tug to a luxury cruise liner. Captain eight highly detailed ships, fight against realistic water physics and take in spectacular vistas as you navigate famous European ports.","A Tower Defence game, that actually allows you to sit inside the turret and come face-to-face with the enemies! Addictive strategy - action game, with loads of shooting and explosions! Nearing 2 MILLION DOWNLOADS!","Another pen &amp;amp; paper roleplaying game system converted for play on the Fantasy Grounds virtual tabletop. Castles &amp;amp; Crusades is an easy to learn, fast paced fantasy role playing game suitable for novice and veteran gamers of all ages.","This product is a comprehensive conversion of the iconic horror role-playing game has been brought vividly to life for internet play using the latest version of the Fantasy Grounds II software. The Call of Cthulhu Role-Playing Game from Chaosium has won multiple awards over the years, and has been a firm staple in the RPG horror...","The Castle Keeper’s Guide includes a host of new material for the role playing enthusiast. From world creation, to dungeon designs, managing non-player characters, character attributes at high levels, spell use and cost, equipment -- its use and wastage -- the tumult of storms, from warfare to combat, monsters, treasure, death and more.",Masks of Nyarlathotep is a series of Adventure Modules for use with the Fantasy Grounds virtual tabletop. Masks of Nyarlathotep is a Lovecraftian exercise in horror and mystery. This Call of Cthulhu roleplaying classic is a series of linked adventures forming one long and unforgettable campaign.,"Habitat is a physics-based space game where you build, fly, and fight with whatever you can find out in space. Upgrade and arm your creations with weapons and structures you find in orbit, fly and explore using rocket physics.Battle deadly enemies in Campaign Mode to save humanity or explore Sandbox Mode for true creative control.",Take a seat and enjoy the ride - welcome to the articulated buses in Hamburg! &amp;quot;Three Generations&amp;quot; is the first add-on especially developed for OMSI 2 with not only new vehicles but a whole lot of new and unique features which as such have never before been available in OMSI 2.,"Five of you. Five of them. Face off in a battle where everything you build, destroy, construct or shoot has a devastating impact on the entire game. Build defences using a crazy range of block types and work together in this FPS where no game is EVER the same. NOW FREE TO PLAY.","Masquerade is an action-adventure set in the fantasy world of The Realm, centered around a battle for the mythical Druid Orbs, the most powerful pair of balls in all the land. For it was said that whomever possessed the Orbs, possessed the power to rule all.","You died. Welcome to XING: The Land Beyond, an atmospheric first-person puzzle adventure for desktops and virtual reality. Enjoy your peaceful escape from the chaotic world of the living, and travel the lands of the dead.",A Sandbox Multiplayer Airship Shooting Game.Design battleships with weapons in a &amp;quot;rock paper scissors&amp;quot; mechanic.Shoot or Collide enemy ships into pieces.Challenge players all over the world with ships designed by yourself!,"Woodle Tree Adventures is an old school platform game with a catchy and unique art style! Explore a total of 6 worlds and save the lands with the magical water drops you'll find through your journey, bringing back peace and balance and finally becoming the new hero!","An action packed platform shooter mashed-up with roguelike and RPG elements, crazy 3D graphics and co-op multiplayer for one to 4 players.","Quite possibly the most realistic Snooker game to come to any gaming platform, working closely with Michaela Tabb the world’s most famous Snooker and Pool referee Big Head Games have the ultimate cue sports simulation, with easy to pickup and play controls and months of gameplay as you fight through a pro player’s career.","Do you have what it takes to become a legendary Powered hero? &amp;quot;Heroes Rise&amp;quot; is an epic interactive novel where your choices control the story. The game is entirely text-based--without graphics or sound effects--and fueled by the vast, unstoppable power of your imagination. How high will you rise?","Abducted by aliens and taken thousands of light years from home, you have one ultimate goal: Escape. But you have so many unanswered questions… How did you get here? What is this place? Who took you and why?","Dragon Fin Soup seamlessly blends genres to create a fresh experience: half story-driven tactical RPG and half high-stakes roguelike, with a pinch of crass humor and a heaping helping of murder &amp;amp; madness set in a procedurally generated fantasy world.","Simple space, dynamic jump. 6180 the moon offers a fresh, unseen game play style by connecting the top and bottom of the screen.",Tengami is an atmospheric adventure game set inside a Japanese pop-up book. Fold and slide the beautifully crafted paper world to solve puzzles and discover secrets.,"Terrorhedron is the 3D, cooperative tower defense game for the PC. Unmatched challenge and complexity is introduced to the genre through 3 dimensional gameplay, micro-strategy through programmable turrets and 'edge of seat' gameplay is extended to multiplayer with up to 8 players online co-op.","Miscreated is a multiplayer online hardcore survival game set in a post-apocalyptic future. You will need to survive against mutants, players, and even mother nature herself.","Noir Syndrome is a procedurally generated Detective Murder-Mystery with a new story every time! Featuring slick pixel art animations and a jazzy soundtrack, the player is thrown right in to a highly stylized vision of film noir.","Lost with no memory of where he is or how he got there, lead Eyas – a boy in a cat suit – on a quest to get home. But how do you know which way to go when you can’t tell which is up and which is down?",Paradigm Shift You awake from a terrifying nightmare to discover that your home city of River Lake has been devastated by an explosion at a neuroscience laboratory.,The game is set on a distant planet called Metal Planet. Two corporations are fighting for control of a valuable resource capable of transforming matter. You take on the role of a soldier with equipped power armor and powerful weapon.,"Forgotten Myths is a free to play online collectible card game that incorporates deck building, card collection and strategic gameplay in a fantastic historical background incorporating several civilizations, myths and legends in the same universe!","Take a deep breath... Try to remember: a girl, a chair, a bomb. Just keep... calm. Follow the voice into the depths of you memory. Relax... and search for the darkest memories in the deepest recesses of your mind. Can you find her? The clock is ticking... And this is just a part of the treatment.","Real-time combat combos, action RPG, and dungeon instances combine beautifully to form Divine Souls. Play alone or form a party with friends and strangers to slice, grab, combo, and clear enemy minions on your way to dungeon bosses.","ADR1FT is the story of an astronaut who wakes up floating silently in space amongst the debris of destroyed space station…the only survivor of a catastrophic event, left with no memory, a critically damaged EVA suit leaking oxygen and no way home.","The Cross Platform, bite-sized Total War – Easy to pick up, quick-fire strategy gaming sessions where you can expand your realm and fight battles no matter which device you choose.","Episode 2 continues the story of Kit Ballard, Bounty Hunter, set three months after the original game’s cliffhanger ending. Kit has been living with her once bounty/rival, Justice Kreel, and now seeks to unravel the mysterious threads of the Magasse and their involvement in the troubles on Hollow Wish.","This is a free, playable demo of Act 1. The full game contains 9 Acts. Al Emmo is a single, feeble, 42 year-old Easterner in the Wild West. Does he have what it takes to be a cowboy? A looming thousand-year-old Aztec curse is bound to keep him on his toes.","3 new characters, 6 new hats and the cannon level. Guest Starring Octodad!",Bridge! lets you be a structural engineer and a construction manager in one. Master the mystery to bridge with a limited budget and limited numbers of parts to divide and to ensure a smooth operation.,"Follow Will as he becomes a victim of circumstance, after the frivolous royal witch turns him into a girl.","Bring your game ideas and feedback to life with the Planetoid Pioneers Contributor Edition! With its powerful engine and integrated tools, join us in evolving the concept of Early Access. Don’t just tell us what you would like to see in this 2D physics-based action exploration game - SHOW us!","The Adventurezator is an emergent adventure game about creating emergent adventure games! When Pigs Fly is our adventure campaign of courage, intrigue, and betrayal (and dumbness) - created using the Adventurezator itself!","Ichi is an easy to play but challenging one button puzzle game. Don't be deceived by the game simplistic look, it’s a braintwister for sure! Collect golden rings by rotating objects, using teleporters, breaking blocks and more.","Take command over RAF during the WW2 history turning point, the Battle of Britain! The goal of the game is to defend Great Britain against German bombing raids.","Immersive first-person parkour in a surreal, physics-driven voxel world. Every move can modify the environment. Surfaces pop in and out of existence at will.","Evil Pumpkin is a Casual Adventure game, with options for player to choose between point-and-click and hidden-object game. Challenging puzzles, RPG elements, ludicrous comments and many more to come in 10+ hours of gameplay.","Lead your biker gang on an epic journey across the country in this epic driving combat road rage adventure. Huge campaign, dozens of weapons, and full 4-player co-op splitscreen. Online coming soon!","Unpossible will test your skills, your reflexes, and even your memory. It will make you smile. It will probably make you scream. You will die often and it will always be your fault. Fight to learn the obstacles…they already know how to fight you. Relentless. Thrilling. Unpossible!","Setting, Extension and Library Module for Fantasy Grounds IIThere's Hell on the High Plains, amigo! The Tombstone Epitaph has always been filled with lurid tales of daring desperadoes and deadly drifters, but lately the West's most-read tabloid claims there's something more sinister stalking the frontier's lonely plains: Monsters.","Setting and Library Module for Fantasy Grounds IIStrap on your six-gun and saddle up, partner. There's Hell to pay and the currency is hot lead!The year is 1879, but the history is not our own. The guns of the Civil War are silent in a tense cease-fire.","The Savage Worlds Adventure Deck contains a new Tool for dealing Adventure cards to characters by simply dragging the card to the character sheet or the player icon, a new Adv. Card tab on each character sheet and support for seeing the card text and full images, playing the cards, re-shuffling/collecting all the cards back from the...",The Bleeding Hollow is a survival-horror themed sandbox style adventure for the Pathfinder RPG by Paizo. It is converted for Fantasy Grounds from over 100 pages of adrenaline pumping excitement for up to 6 players of 4th to 6th levels.,Sundered Skies is a dark fantasy Plot Point setting for the award-winning Savage Worlds. This product is an installable module for use with the Fantasy Ground II virtual tabletop. The setting module has been carefully organized to provide all the info from the setting PDF in both a player and a GM library module in an easy to use library...,"When a longtime friend contacts you to visit him with the utmost urgency, you arrive to find a troubled man haunted by visions of his recently deceased wife. When he suddenly dies under suspicious circumstances, you become the main suspect in two inexplicable deaths.","The peaceful Realm of Dreams is about to be consumed by a terrible and maleficent nightmare. You must venture into the darkness and battle fearsome literary foes such as Hyde, the Headless Horseman and Dracula. Join Lily on a sugar-coated adventure about inner strength with a dark interior.","Harebrained Schemes' biggest Shadowrun game to date, and the definitive Shadowrun RPG experience available on PC. Now a standalone title with tons of new content &amp;amp; improvements!","Infinifactory is a sandbox puzzle game by Zachtronics, the creators of SpaceChem and Infiniminer. Build factories that assemble products for your alien overlords, and try not to die in the process.","Brand New features!! The Void DLC offers endless gameplay, Online Leaderboards, and a Daily Challenge that allows players to compete worldwide for the top score. Anime inspired 2D space combat simulation at its best! GALAK-Z is a modern, A.I.",Get ready for the most authentic Pool experience you’ve ever witnessed from the comfort of your couch!,"Meet Zak; a bumbling alien spaceship Janitor and wannabe Flyhunter. He works on board the Flyhunter Crew’s legendary spaceship, but deep down he longs for an exciting adventure of his...","Chess! One of the world’s most popular games, has just got even better! Pure Chess Grandmaster Edition is a stunning celebration of the greatest strategy game of all time.","Betrayer is a first person action adventure game that takes you to the New World at the turn of the 17th century.The year is 1604. You sailed from England expecting to join a struggling colony on the coast of Virginia. Instead, you find only ghosts and mysteries. What catastrophe blighted the land and drained it of color and life?","Epsilon is a hybrid stealth-action near-future tactical shooter where pre-planning and commanding your squad is essential for survival. Through high intensity kinetic operations, Epsilon is the unit tasked by Unipol to counter Eastern European militias engaged in human trafficking.","The Official Wanderlust Adventures Soundtrack by Chris Christodoulou. A mixed bag of orchestral, electronic, ambient and rock music.",Fantasy Grounds is an application acting as a virtual online gaming table primarily intended for pen and paper style narrative role playing games. It is designed to perform many of the things you can do while playing at a conventional gaming table and move it online.,"In Toy Story 3: The Video Game help Buzz, Woody and the rest of the Toys ensure no toy gets left behind. Dive into all new heroic adventures in Story Mode or let your imagination run wild in the exiting new open world of Toy Box Mode! Come and play to infinity…and beyond!","Journey with the shaman panda, Juju, and his lizard sidekick, Peyo, as they embark upon a dangerous and mystical journey to save Juju's father and the world from an ancient evil. Run, bounce, chant, and battle humongous bosses with a friend or family member in this beautifully animated, lighthearted adventure.",,"This upgrade will supply you with a new license key. After it is entered into your settings and you complete an Update, it will activate the Ultimate version. The former license key should be replaced in your Fantasy Grounds setting.",Walk through this world to understand how it works!,Slay the evil that has decimated your universe!,"The sun has disappeared from the sky! Darkness chokes the land, depriving it of all things good. Now it’s time for you to figure out how to bring the sun back! Get behind the wheel and find the sun in Night Shift!","This is a free, optional high resolution texture pack for Ground Pounders. You don't need it, it just makes things even prettier - it is also a sizable collection of files, which is why it is optional.","EHM offers fans the most realistic, in-depth and immersive simulation of hockey management available, giving them the chance to manage either club or country in any of the world’s top hockey-playing nations.","Rebuild: Gangs of Deadsville (Early Access) plus the original two Rebuild games that started it all, now playable in fullscreen on your desktop for the first time. When the game is complete, you will also receive a PDF artbook.",Free the gods’ powers and fulfill your destiny in the Treasures of Montezuma 4! This new match-three game is overflowing with mystery and excitement!,"Leadwerks is the easiest way to make your own 3D games. With a rapid development pipeline, Lua script integration, and a royalty-free license, Leadwerks is the perfect platform for your next project or your first game.",Customize your truck with a choice of 11 customizable paint jobs taking advantage of advanced &amp;quot;flip-flake&amp;quot; paint effects.,Frederic Chopin – a long time deceased classical compositor – returns back from beyond the grave to fight intense musical duels. In his way stand some of the worlds greatest pop stars charmed with enormous profits that wild commercialization...,"Frederic - Evil Strikes Back - The Bigger, Better, More Awesome sequel. Great new tracks. Great new locations. Great new features. Great new story.","Aye, friend... the world of Antaloor is indeed enormous... but don't worry - you can't get lost! With the Official Strategy Guide for Two Worlds - directly from the developers - you'll never miss out one single adventure, solve the trickiest of quests and find the weak spots of your strongest opponents! This is every hero's dream!","Legends of Persia is a highly ambitious Action RPG Adventure which incorporating bloody battles, item usage, character building, and storyline incorporation. The storyline revolves around Keykhosro, the son of the Persian prince Siavosh, who in the name of his father’s blood seeks to take revenge upon Afrasiab, the king of Tooran.","A Pathfinder/3.5 Compatible Adventure for 4 Level 1 PCsShrouded in whispered rumors, Crow's Rest Island has been avoided as long as any can remember. Nothing but death, and the memories of those long gone, greet any who take to land upon the isle's shores.",A Pathfinder/3.5 Compatible Adventure for 4-6 PCs of level 1The adventurers travel across Serpent Lake with a group of Rybalkan soldiers. The group camps for the night adjacent to the ruins of Ka'Teek. As they sleep a goblin steals a precious keepsake from one of the PCs and disappears into the ruins.,"A Pathfinder/3.5 Compatible Adventure for 4-6 PCs of levels 1-2Saben Behi is lauded amongst his peers for his study of the very nature of magic has touched lives across the world. But he remains secluded, and has suddenly fallen silent after suggesting he was studying the art of necromancy to extend one’s life forever.","An Adventure Module for use with the Fantasy Grounds virtual tabletopThis adventure is tailored for the physically-fit investigator; the challenges include an expedition to the icy interior, the climbing of dangerous glaciers, and encounters with hostile humans and others.","Lands of Darkness #1: The Barrow Grounds is designed for parties levels 1-3. Explore the mysteries and monsters within the vast burial grounds. Lands of Darkness is a series of location-based encounters ripe for exploration, gold, and glory!",Lands of Darkness #2: Cesspools of Arnac is designed for parties levels 3-5. Explore the mysteries and monsters within the dank sewers!,"A Fantasy Grounds II adventure module from Triple Ace GamesThose Magnificent Men In Their Flying Machines!In a bid to raise morale and emphasize the links between the islands, the Trade Council sponsors a competition. Intrepid captains and their crews must navigate their way between the major islands.","This module is converted from 20 adventure-packed pages, complete with detailed maps and descriptions, forming a ready-made adventure for the smallest gaming group. Although it is designed for a Rogue level 2-4, with some minor scaling, Gambler's Quest is suitable for use with a traditional four-player party.","U1: Shadows of the Halfling HallAlea Iacta Est!The Die is CastA dreadful fear and terror-born nightmares linger in the shadows of the Halfling's Halls.Brambletoe Hall has ever been deep, warm and filled with mirth.","Adventure Module for Fantasy Grounds II Ahoy matey! Heave on that main-line and brace yourself for a furious romp in the age of sail using Pinnacle's Savage Worlds! Sign up as crew on board the Gray Coarser, an English privateer vessel, and give the French and Spanish ships hell while lining your pockets with gold.","Which Team has won the last Champions League? Who scored the “Wembley Goal”, causing the 3:2 at the World Cup 1966? Which record established France in the UEFA Cup season 1997-1998? Do you have the answer for all questions? Then hurry up and play the ultimate Football Cup quiz SPORT 1 Live : Duel and boast your knowledge of football.",Jill &amp;amp; Mike have established their gardening company in Sunnyvale and now they are ready for the next step. Help them to win a contest that will be followed by contracts all over the world!,"They came without warning, squawking menacingly, their ruffled feathers darkening the sun. Invading intergalactic chickens, out to punish humanity for our oppression of their earthly brethren. Now they're back, and they're having Earth for dinner!",NoLimits 2 is the ultimate roller coaster simulation that lets you experience authentic roller coaster thrills. Climb into the world's most famous roller coasters and experience the excitement in real time. Or design a new roller coaster that is engineered to your specifications.,"Kill Fun Yeah is an online 2D platform shooter. Murder and capture your way to the top, using an ever increasing arsenal of silly weaponry and items, the powers of deflect, attract and freeze, as well as various powerups.","Five days ago, Janet left her dorm to go on a date - and never came back. Was she kidnapped? Murdered? The truth may be even stranger. Solve puzzles to connect together pieces of the story in a science-fiction adventure with eleven possible endings!","Third Eye Crime is a stealth puzzle game featuring Rothko, a smooth-talking criminal who can telepathically predict where enemies will move to attempt to thwart his heists. Players must rely on skill and their “third eye” to deftly make an escape.","A Giant Robot Stripper called JoJo has smashed Groove City! She's angry because Dr Swinger stole her Laser-Nipples! Help JoJo reclaim her Laser-Nipples &amp;amp; defeat the Evil Plans of Dr.Swinger, with the help of Pope Boris the Super Sexy!","Cool aircraft, big guns, dogfight thrill, single player, multi player, modding support, moustaches and ladies. You'll like it.","Build insane, fully customisable robot battle vehicles that drive, hover, walk and fly in the free-to-play action game Robocraft. Add weapons from the future and jump in the driving seat as you take your creation into battle against other players online!","Rhythm Destruction is a rhythm &amp;amp; shoot'em up that aims to combine the best of both genres. Blast and maneuver your way through perilous stages filled with numerous enemies, obstacles and unique boss encounters. Stay on beat to rack up the highest score possible and compete against others on the global leaderboards!",The dark will reveal all!Explore the macabre past of an old mansion in the 1930's and solve puzzles of light and shadows in this fully black &amp;amp; white survival horror! Players are trapped in this nightmare where darkness is a constant threat!,"Original Soundtrack by Tom Stoffel re-mastered, including 11 B-Sides for over 2 hours of Blade Symphony music.","openCanvas is a painting software dedicated to Windows Operating System, that is suitable to beginners to advanced users. Equipped with analog-like brush strokes and functional yet user-friendly interface, openCanvas has the higher basic performance and the unique &amp;quot;Event&amp;quot; function that enables to record and replay the drawing...","The cult horror shooter series comes to an apocalyptic conclusion with an epic new third chapter, a heart-pumping new horde mode, and remastered editions of the best-selling Nazi Zombie Army 1 &amp;amp; 2.","One of the greatest sci-fi strategy games of all time returns with remastered visuals, online multiplayer and near unlimited mod content from Steam Workshop. Experience thrilling first person action and acclaimed RTS in this explosive alternate vision of the 1960s space race.",The world’s greatest fighting game evolves to a whole new level with Ultra Street Fighter IV.,"Inspired by the novel of Gustave Flaubert and the works of Phillippe Druillet, Salammbo: Battle for Carthage puts you in the middle of two of antiquities greatest powers. Can you deliver Salammbo's message before it's too late?","Set in futuristic environment, two races of mechanized alien species wage air-warfare over Earth-like pieces of land. Each ship has a coloured shield that protects the player from bullets that are the same colour. Enemy ships are also colour coded, making them more vulnerable to the same coloured bullets the player is firing.",Help Sally the seahorse collect and match ocean treasures before they fall to the seabed. Match the falling ocean gems and play through three exciting and absorbing game modes in the perfect blend of relaxation and Match 3 fun!,"An exciting, all-new gaming experience which is fun, challenging and will help you increase your overall mental fitness! Create Numba chains in various sequences. Sound easy? Get ready for some great fun and absorbing gameplay through 3 testing game modes as you strive to become the ultimate Numba Champion in this all-new puzzler.","The official soundtrack of Unrest, an unconventional adventure RPG set in ancient India.",Go behind the scenes of Unrest's development with this pack of art and design documents.,"The Kingdom of Fairbridge is under attack by Goblins, Orcs and Trolls. Use your towers weapons and command your warriors to push the invading Goblins lead troops out of the kingdom. Take the battle from the castle walls to the mountains, caves and desert valleys that surround the kingdom.",A hidden object mystery that will immerse casual players into the thrilling exploits of famous mystery novelist Richard Castle and Detective Kate Beckett.,"RADical ROACH is a fast paced shoot em’ up, set minutes after nuclear hell falls from the sky engulfing all but a few tough little bugs.","Inspired by the Disney•Pixar animated film, Cars 2: The Video Game lets players jump into the Cars 2 universe with some of their favorite Cars personalities in exotic locations around the globe.","Brave: The Video Game invites players to run, jump and battle their way through the rugged landscape of mythical and mysterious Scotland. By using their wits and bravery, gamers will also be able to wield a sword and bow and arrow to defeat fierce enemies, break a magical curse and save a kingdom.","Become a daring thief in City of Brass, a punishing first-person rogue-lite filled with treasure, traps and ghoulish foes. Armed with scimitar and a versatile whip, you’ll lash and slash, bait and trap your way to the heart of an opulent, Arabian Nights-themed metropolis – or face certain death as time runs out.","Submerged is a third-person combat-free game in which you explore a mysterious flooded city and discover the beauty of desolation in vast outdoor environments. You take on the role of Miku, a young girl who has brought her wounded brother to the city in their small fishing boat.",Original Soundtrack of Crimzon Clover WORLD IGNITION by potechi.,"This pack contains the summer clothes costumes for Sakura, Ino, Hinata, and Tenten.","This pack contains the special Jinchuriki costumes for Naruto, Killer Bee, Fuu and Utakata.","This pack contains the special Jinchuriki costumes for Gaara, Yugito, Yagura, Roshi, and Han.","This pack contains the suit costumes for Naruto, Sasuke, Shikamaru, Gaara, Sai, and Minato.","This pack contains additional costumes for the Third Hokage, Itachi, Kakashi, the First Hokage, and Zabuza.","This pack contains additional costumes for Madara, Karin, Jugo, Suigetsu, Mifune, and Naruto.","Join Johnny Gat &amp;amp; Kinzie Kensington as you tear apart Hell in a quest to save the Boss’ soul. Historical icons, old friends, older enemies, a talking gun, a full length musical number &amp;amp; a whole lot more shenanigans await!","Human Tanks - ALTeR is the much-awaited second installment of the War of the Human Tanks series, and sequel to War of the Human Tanks. This time you assume command of the enemy of the first game, the Royal Army, and fight back for all you hold dear!",War of the Human Tanks - Limited Operations is the third and final game in the War of the Human Tanks series. Complete difficult missions with pre-assigned resources and face up against even harder opponents!,Original soundtrack for 6180 the moon. Composed by Seongyi Yi and Chaeeun Kim. 1. In Space 2. The Moon 3. The Earth 4. The Venus 5. The Mercury 6. The Sun 7. Night and Day 8. Sun Light 9. Mercury the Scientist 10. Venus' Mirror 11. Mother Earth 12. Moon Rising 13.,"Screencheat is a ridiculous competitive split-screen first-person shooter where everyone is invisible, so players are forced to look at each other’s screens in order to win. Supporting both local and online multiplayer, combat in Screencheat is fast and furious with a wide variety of one-hit kill weapons.",Taking your daughter to school sounds dead easy. But more than a dozen different kids all with different demands makes School Bus Fun a challenging time management game.,"Shoot your way through intense levels with a swiftly increasing difficulty, in a world completely built with handcrafted models. Invest your score in upgrades, or save it to gain interest with the risk of losing it all. Use your greed wisely to beat your friends and climb up the score table.","The world of Antaloor is truly enormous - but now you can never get lost! The official &amp;quot;Two Worlds II&amp;quot; Strategy Guide - straight from the developers - will make sure that you never miss an adventure, complete every quest and never again get into a desperate situation in combat!","The world of Antaloor is huge – and now it’s even larger! An entire Archipelago has been added for only the most daring adventurers to explore… The official strategy guide will help you not to miss one iota of detail in this exciting world: quest lines, secrets, and of course acts of piracy!",Put your truck driving skills to the test in Trucks &amp;amp; Trailers! Complete basic training and set on the way to master the wide variety of challenges that lie ahead.,"In Bus Driver, your job is to transport passengers around an attractive and realistic city. You must drive to a timetable on a planned route, whilst obeying traffic rules, and taking care not to upset or injure your passengers.",Save your twin brother from the sinister sea menace that overtakes everything and everyone on the troubled island of Pilgrim's Hook.,Return to a sinister unsettled House....very different from the one you remember!,"To free your beloved from captivity, you must venture into a maniacal world in this Special Collector's Edition of BRINK OF CONCIOUSNESS: DORIAN GRAY SYNDROME; an immersive tale of chilling surprise that's chock full of extras including bonus gameplay, concept art, soundtrack, and much more!","A point-and-click adventure game using 360° views, similar to Jules Verne’s Return to Mysterious Island and Dracula: The Path of the Dragon. You play the role of a young magician and help her investigate the mysteries of ancient Egypt. Can you solve the Fate of Ramses?","In this thrilling point-and-click adventure game, you’ll confront strange phenomena while exploring the dark corners of the Medieval castle, the old scientist’s secret laboratory and finally the troubled waters of Loch Ness.",Make fantastic discoveries and dare to go into the deepest depths of the moon to solve puzzles that will allow you to go back to Earth.,"The first adventure from the author of Syberia and Syberia 2, Benoît Sokal. In Amerzone you'll travel through enchanting landscapes, from Brittany to tropical forest.","Strange things are happening at Great Britain’s museum of natural history in 1890. A gang of ruthless thugs has broken into the establishment, the Eye of Isis Egyptian statue has been stolen, and a mysterious fog has overtaken a number of areas of the museum killing and transforming all it comes into contact with.","26 years after a fatal accident in Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant that covered half of the Europe in clouds of radioactive smoke, a large group of terrorists took over the area, trying to steal all the remaining radioactive waste - and use it.","When John &amp;quot;Striker&amp;quot; Gullivan left the SAS, he's been far from thinking about retirement. A skilled sniper, veteran of many covert operations, he was ready to take on the less legal side of the &amp;quot;business&amp;quot;.","Truffle Saga, can you clear levels in one shot? Addictive physics puzzle game.","Dungeon Defenders Eternity is the definitive version of the original tower defense action-RPG! Now featuring a rebalanced endgame, all new missions, secure online play, links to Dungeon Defenders II and more!",A Game about making Games! Actually care about the people you work with! Play the role of Justin a high school student as he embarks on his dream journey to become a game developer. Having just won a programming contest he enlists the aid of Cleo the artist and Aki the music composer.,Mutants &amp;amp; Masterminds 3rd Edition for the Fantasy Grounds virtual tabletopThe Mutants &amp;amp; Masterminds Hero's Handbook and ruleset contains all the necessary information from the core rulebook of the game's third edition and it gives you everything you need to have your own superheroic adventures online.,"Dungeon of Elements is an RPG dungeon crawler with combat inspired by some of our favorite classic puzzle games like Dr. Mario or Tetris. In Dungeon of Elements (DoE), core meets casual as we combine many different styles of gameplay in a fun, immersive experience.","Storm over the Pacific is a game that takes place during 1937-1945. It depicts the conflict between the Japanese Empire, the USA and other allies during World War II.","The year is 2033. Your name is Tex Murphy, Private Investigator in San Francisco. You've been hired by the beautiful daughter of a university professor to uncover the facts about his death. As you begin your investigation you uncover the deaths of several prominent members of the scientific community.","The year is 2033. Your name is Tex Murphy, Private Investigator in San Francisco.","Enter the virtual world of Under A Killing Moon, where it is December 2042, and you, as Tex Murphy, must stop the forces of evil before they destroy mankind and rob you of your next unemployment check. This thrilling and hilarious adventure is unlike anything you've seen before.","It's April 2043 and you- as Tex Murphy, the last of the old-style gumshoes- find yourself racing against time in the most dangerous game of your life. What is the truth behind the rumored UFO crash at Roswell, New Mexico? Why did the military suddenly shut down and seal off the Roswell complex?",The client is drop-dead gorgeous. Her father is just plain dead—of an apparent suicide. She's certain he was murdered and is willing to do anything to prove it.,"Floating Point is a peaceful, free game about using a grappling hook to swing yourself gracefully through randomly generated spaces. The only objective is to collect points, and the only thing that increases your points is swinging swiftly, smoothly and elegantly without hitting anything.","In this thrilling point-and-click adventure based on the works of H.P Lovecraft, you’ll traverse the haunting world of Gothic New England, solving puzzles and acquiring information to help Stanton solve the mystery of the Necronomicon.",Experience the everyday duties of a roadside assistance team in this realistic mix of simulation and management game. Direct your rescue team from your roadside assistance center. Unlock new regions and try to attract as many new customers as possible through successful and efficient operations.,"Attracted to the arcane? The Magic Pack is just for you! The Occult Bargains perk will grant you discount for enchantment prices, and you will also get the Magic Helmet item that you can use with all classes! Charming, isn't it?","Captain the Vegendary Heroes, survive the Zombiegeddon and take revenge upon the birds, the pigs, and the zombies! Enjoy this mind-blowing travesty of mobile game hits!",There is a world which needs your defense. You are the young mage that has just graduated the mages school and you must pass through several hard tests to become a decent defender.,"In a land of enchantment, torn by evil, a hero arrives to save the day! Guide Solar and his band of helpers as they set out to stop the dark sorcerer Grogan from achieving eternal life and to rescue the fair Lumina.",Dangerous is an epic 3D open and living world space combat RPG sandbox with an immersive and riveting story. Are you the feared war criminal who will destroy all life or the savior of the universe? Gather your wingmen and travel the galaxy in search of answers.,Of Guards and Thieves is a multiplayer stealth game in which high-powered guards face off against fast and elusive thieves in a contest of wits. Outsmarting the enemy and shooting your way through to the goal are equally valid strategies.,Boson X is a fast-paced rotational runner set in a particle accelerator.,"Cyto has lost his memories, help him get them back. Fling Cyto through beautiful, other-worldly levels to collect memory fragments and piece together his story in this irresistible, cute, and challenging puzzle game.","A hilariously terrifying adventure filled with laughs, blood, insanity, and of course... hordes of the undead.","BlazeRush is a dynamic arcade racing survival game with no health, no levelling and no brakes! You can assemble a team of friends to play in local or online multiplayer, choose a car to your taste and chase, blow up and cut off! Adapt your style and tactics to new enemies, obstacles and tracks.","In this adventure quest game player will need to sneak into the citadel of cruel Iron Lord and rid invaded land of Namariel from tyrant after escaping from air prison, revealing the secret of Iron Lord and rescuing legitimate King and Queen of Namariel.",Get your spellbook ready! It’s time to protect The Counting Kingdom in this tactical math puzzler featuring strategic tower defense gameplay and a colorful cast of characters. Banish monsters and save the day!,"Momodora III is a classic action platform game with a variety of items and secrets. It's the third installment of the Momodora series, although playing the previous titles is not necessary to enjoy the game!","Explore a detailed fantasy world, master fierce dungeons and face mighty adversaries in this unique 3rd person Action-RPG with story driven single-player campaign.","BLOCKADE 3D! First Person Shooter in an editable procedural cubic world. A large arsenal of weapons, 4 teams at the same time and up to 32 players on one map. A large number of game modes!",In Team Indie a selection of indie game characters join forces combining their unique skills. Play coop with your own previous runs and bend time to master puzzles and action sequences!,"Stained takes the player (who looks much like Death) through a seemingly abandoned castle and kingdom. As you work through the levels, the story unfolds, and you learn more about what brought ruin to the once-thriving fortress.","Embark with Heileen in a unforgettable voyage to the New World! Met with old friends, and make new ones. Find romance, avoid dangers and life your life to the fullest!","MILLIONS OF ALIENS WILL DIE!Radiant Defense is a tower defense game set in a vibrant universe invaded by countless alien hordes.Build your space fortress any way you wish, set up wide variety of weapons and traps and let the invasions begin!","The Beginner's Guide is a narrative video game from Davey Wreden, the creator of The Stanley Parable. It lasts about an hour and a half and has no traditional mechanics, no goals or objectives. Instead, it tells the story of a person struggling to deal with something they do not understand.",Pack Contents x2 Book of Experience Amplification (60minutes) - Use this item to increase experience for certain time!x1 Master’s Bag * 1 – Equip this special bag and get 20 additional slots for your inventory.x100 Cash HP Potion * 100 – Experience an infinite HP with this potion!,"Pack Contents x1 Avatar Set Exchange Ticket - Use this special ticket to exchange with special Avatar set!*This ticket can be exchanged to a special Avatar set for each class from NPC, Alonzo. -Warrior Avatar Random Box contains Crimson Fenrir Avatar Set -Knight Avatar Random Box contains Free Knight Avatar Set -Hunter Avatar Random Box...",Grab a friend and try to escape from the dungeons of TRISTOY in this story-driven coop-platformer.,"Once upon a time, a girl, her pet dog, and three companions made a journey to meet a great wizard who could grant their wishes. But what if the girl hadn’t believed that “there’s no place like home”? Explore a fairytale world through a dozen routes and 20+ endings!","A gothic suspense tale set in a cursed mansion. &amp;quot;The House in Fata Morgana&amp;quot; is a full-length visual novel spanning nearly a millennium that deals in tragedy, human nature, and insanity.","Rolemaster is a very detailed, consistent and intuitive system. It is an extremely customizable skill-based system where character development is in the hands of the player as every skill is available to every player… but it also makes use of professions, as each profession determines the development cost for the skill.","Welcome to Chaosium’s Basic Roleplaying system, a book that collects in one place rules and options for one of the original and most influential role playing game systems in the world.This conversion comprises a roleplaying game system, a framework of rules aimed at allowing players to enact a sort of improvisational radio theater—only...","4E Fantasy Token PackThis product contains a set of 223 tokens suited for heroic level 4E play. 81 tokens were adapted from previous sets [equipment and style modifications], 42 are brand new tokens and 100 counters are directly from previous works but are included here for completeness (see detailed list below.","Concursion is a multi-genre game played on the boundaries between worlds. Steer your hero through a dangerous interdimensional universe, switching between different genres on the fly, pulling off feats of tight aerial acrobatics otherwise unattainable in one genre alone.","This is the upgrade of Ether One which includes all Deluxe Edition content including: the Ether One OST, Game Script, &amp;amp; Comics.","Abducted by aliens, Quilly is forced to fight for his freedom. Dead Bits is a first-person shooter for Windows and Mac. A Colorful World, made out of Cubes and Alien Zombies!","There’s no better disguise than looking exactly like your enemy: Dysan the shapeshifter is an upcoming PC fantasy RPG, featuring the possibility of giving its players the opportunity to shape-shift into their enemies and even into any NPC creature to get unique opportunities to win battles and solve the game.","Drive a constantly spinning limousine around town! Roundabout is a '70s B-Movie game where you pick up passengers, find secret collectibles, take on dangerous missions, and fall in love in a far out open world puzzle adventure - all while driving a revolving limo!","Rush for Glory is featuring challenging and rewarding Tower Defense battles, in which players are defending their base against an alien invasion. By strategically building towers and upgrading them, the player can keep his base safely and further progress through the extensive singleplayer campaign.","Dungeons the Eye of Draconus is a early 90’s arcade style, one to three player, comedy, retro brawler, with both local and online multiplayer support, complete with mounts; multiple attacks, and varied gameplay, all reminiscent of Battle Toads, Golden Axe and TMNT Arcade.","Sentris is a musical performance game. Make your own music as you Drop, Recycle, and Stack &amp;quot;Sound Blocks&amp;quot; into a spinning loop. Freestyle with a huge degree of musical control. Or focus on achieving the goal and let your song emerge organically.","Play as the ultimate digital underdog in the Adventures of Pip,an action-platformer with a fresh gameplay twist inside a retro 32-bit world. Alas, Pip is an unlikely 1-pixel hero yet has the unique ability to absorb the pixels of his defeated enemies to evolve into three different forms.",Hidden in Plain Sight is a local-multiplayer stealth party game. Blend into the crowd of AI characters and eliminate the other players before they eliminate you!,Frederic Chopin – a long time deceased classical compositor – returns back from beyond the grave to fight intense musical duels. In his way stand some of the worlds greatest pop stars charmed with enormous profits that wild commercialization...,Cakewalk has teamed up with ChocolateAudio to bring you the Chocolate Cake Drums: Funktight Kit for Session Drummer 3. If you have a sweet tooth for high-quality drum sounds then Chocolate Cake Drums are sure to satisfy.,"This product is an expansion pack for Session Drummer 3, which is compatible with all versions of SONAR X3.Cakewalk has teamed up with ChocolateAudio to bring you the Chocolate Cake Drums: Jazz Kit Brushes for Session Drummer 3. If you have a sweet tooth for high-quality drum sounds then Chocolate Cake Drums are sure to satisfy.",Cakewalk has teamed up with ChocolateAudio to bring you the Chocolate Cake Drums: Jazz Kit Sticks for Session Drummer 3. If you have a sweet tooth for high-quality drum sounds then Chocolate Cake Drums are sure to satisfy.,Cakewalk has teamed up with ChocolateAudio to bring you the Chocolate Cake Drums: MetalHead Kit for Session Drummer 3. If you have a sweet tooth for high-quality drum sounds then Chocolate Cake Drums are sure to satisfy.,"This product is an expansion pack for Session Drummer 3, which is compatible with all versions of SONAR X3.Cakewalk has teamed up with ChocolateAudio to bring you the Chocolate Cake Drums: NuJazz Kit for Session Drummer 3. If you have a sweet tooth for high-quality drum sounds then Chocolate Cake Drums are sure to satisfy.",Cakewalk has teamed up with ChocolateAudio to bring you the Chocolate Cake Drums: Roots Kit for Session Drummer 3. If you have a sweet tooth for high-quality drum sounds then Chocolate Cake Drums are sure to satisfy.,Cakewalk has teamed up with ChocolateAudio to bring you the Chocolate Cake Drums: WholeLotta Kit for Session Drummer 3. If you have a sweet tooth for high-quality drum sounds then Chocolate Cake Drums are sure to satisfy.,"IT’S HERE, FATE FANS! FATE - The Traitor Soul has arrived on Steam! This third game has more loot, more spells, more heroes and, most importantly, more pets. Hit “add to cart” already! Or read on for more details on this classic game.","Are you ready for the FATE-IEST of the FATE games? Welcome to the final chapter in the classic, action RPG series! FATE: The Cursed King has new weapons, spells, armor and AI-controlled allies! Wait, what?! Allies?? That’s right. This FATE game IS A PARTY. Woo! Party system!","Cheerfully wandering across blocky terrain, the Monomino babies haven’t a care in the world. But little do they know they’re walking into peril. You are responsible to deliver them to safety.",Allied Forces adds 14 brand new units to Eador. Masters of the Broken World.Each of the seven races in Eador is now reinforced with two additional units which have their unique skills and abilities. Befriending one will now pay off much more.Choose your allies wisely to get the most out of your combat potential!,Official soundtrack to Always Sometimes Monsters by Laser Destroyer Team,"Faery: Legends of Avalon is a big role playing game packed with a very distinctive ambience and graphic style. Create your character, embark in a great adventure and discover the fantastic world of Avalon!","The Witcher Adventure Game is a digital adaptation of CD PROJEKT RED’s board game set in the brutal fantasy universe of monster slayer Geralt of Rivia. Travel across the beautifully rendered world of The Witcher and complete a variety of quests—hunt deadly beasts, solve ancient mysteries and more.","Get all of rugby in THE best simulation: all the official Aviva Premiership Rugby, TOP 14, PRO D2 and Pro12 teams, all the moves and all the emotions thanks to commentary by Stuart Barnes and Miles Harrison!","Ride 22 motorcycles with the official BMW, Honda, Kawasaki, KTM, Suzuki and Yamaha licences. Play solo or online at the handlebars of Superbike, Roadster and Custom models, and create, customize and develop your club.","Dodge, dip, duck, click and point your way in this retro-arcade death trap! The invaders are approaching, the Mothership needs your help to defend the home systems. Climb aboard, ready your Navigator 3.1X fighter craft and select some targets for the big guy to blow back to hell.","Real time strategy game featuring over 130 different types of units and technologies, 21 campaign missions with characters and an intriguing story, unlimited random map skirmishes with many customizable settings, network multiplayer to challenge your friends, and so much more in this RTS!","Blinding Dark is a First Person Adventure horror game. Complete puzzles, collect items and power-ups, fight enemies and do your best to manage the very thin resources you have at your disposal to uncover terrible secrets.","Pew pew pew RETRO STYLE! Shoot enemies, survive, gain lives and achieve the highest scores possible all in an old school vector style game.","Time of Fury takes you right into the European Theater of Operations. Strategic Command is the essence of winning the war and in Time of Fury the World War 2 is just huge, ideal for every strategy game fan.",The Midsummer's Eve Faerie Pack includes all five color variations of the Faerie Costume plus some extra goodies.,"Capsule is a single-player survival game played entirely through a radar interface. Players navigate a hostile landscape, learn about their surroundings, and unravel a classic sci-fi story in the process. Best played in a dark room with headphones. NOT RECOMMENDED FOR PLAYERS WITH MISOPHONIA.",The first thing to think about when you start playing Don Bradman Cricket 14 is to forget what you know about Cricket games and start afresh… it's cricket like you've never seen it before!,"theHunter Wayfarer Starter Pack includes 3 months premium membership including full licenses to hunt All animals, access to All reserves and unlimited basic ammo. Items included: 12 GA Pump Action Shotgun, .44 revolver, 2x20mm Handgun Scope, Wind Indicator, Boone &amp;amp; Crockett Cap, Pheasant Caller, Camping Supplies and a tent.","The Exoplanets map pack includes six custom maps inspired by real-world exoplanets. Specialized scripts produce randomized geographic layouts each time a new game begins, allowing for even more replayability on new alien worlds.Maps include: Kepler 186f: This lush forest planet is one of the oldest known Earth-like planets.",Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation...,"Thirsting for danger and lusting for loot? Grab your friends, hone your weapons, and set off for adventure in this free-to-play, voxel-based action MMO.",Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation...,"Get ready to compete in the most brutal sport of the moment. In the Dog Eat Dog tournament, you should avail yourself of your ruthless fighting skills and crush your enemies if you want to make your way to victory. Fight alone or with friends, compete in multiple stages and game modes, and improve your favorite fighter.","Dive into an exciting, action-packed adventure and relive the incredible scenes from the Hollywood blockbuster “Kick-Ass 2”. Fight countless hordes of enemies! Put on your mask, hone your weapons, and get ready to kick ass!","Bloonz Toonz is an addictive and funny game for the whole family! Try to make the longest possible words from the colorful balloon collection and beat the high score. The longer the word, the more points are credited.",Take your truck to an epic fantasy journey with a choice of 6 fantasy paint jobs!Dragon DawnDark HuntressKnight OathOrc MarauderCharge!,Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation...,"Scandinavia expansion features Sweden, Norway and Denmark, you'll be exploring mile upon mile across these three beautiful Nordic countries. New ferry terminals also allow you to board ferries directly and to discover 27 Scandinavian cities, new industries, with over 80 new cargo.",Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation...,Expand the cargo range in Euro Truck Simulator 2 by seven new optional High Value cargoes: Helicopter Driller Yacht Air conditioners Tracks Gas Pipeline Parts Tractor Road RollerExtra bonus: special Heavy Duty customizable paint job.,The game that defined the survival-horror genre is back! Check out the remastered HD version of Resident Evil.,"The sequel to &amp;quot;Heroes Rise: The Prodigy.&amp;quot; It's America's #1 reality show for heroes! As a contestant on &amp;quot;The Hero Project,&amp;quot; you'll battle villains and heroes alike with your newly discovered &amp;quot;Infini&amp;quot; powers.",Your MeChip will inform you of strategic possibilities and warn you if you're about to make a decision with a high level of risk.,An instruction guide for how to earn the maximum Legend score.,World of Guns: Full Access for Guns unlocks all existing and future released gun models for World of Guns: Gun Disassembly and shooting ranges. Currently there are 140 +gun models in the game. Attention! Full Access does not unlock Bonus models!,World of Guns: 4 Cars Pack unlocks 4 cars in Bonus section of the game.,World of Guns: 5 Skeletons Pack unlocks 5 skeletons for Bonus section World of Guns: Gun Disassembly.,"Now’s the chance to build the Zoo of your dreams! Just like in a real Zoo, your animals must receive complete care. Feed them, train them, cure them and even relocate them. Observe their realistic interactions with one another, the landscape, the play equipment and even Zoo visitors.",10 Shooting Ranges Pack unlocks all Shooting Ranges in World of Guns: Gun Disassembly.,"Fly the brand-new CH-67 Huron and Mi-290 Taru heavy-lift helicopters, and master Sling Loading to provide ground support in the Arma 3 Helicopters DLC.Key FeaturesCH-67 Huron - The CH-67 Huron is a twin-engine, tandem rotor heavy-lift helicopter. Its primary role is the transportation of troops, vehicles and cargo.","Carve a path of destruction through an intense, believable battlefield in For Honor.",Hexcells Infinite is the third game in the series of ambient logic puzzle games.,"Download the DLC Season Pass and receive access to 8 Content Packs as they become available at a saving compared to buying each pack individually. This content will include new routes, cars, game modes and an exclusive Premium Garage Pack, allowing you to expand your online car collection with 5 new slots.","A mysterious trip to gorgeous and surreal lands, players explore the unknown and harness mystical powers which have been hidden in the valley for centuries.","Betrayal Mode lets you completely reverse the usual game flow, working as a full planetary power trying to destroy your foes, not unite them. Invasion Mode sees you working with the other races to survive slaughter by a grave new threat. Plus new ships, abilities, music, and more!",Use object inside rooms and move the rooms to escape. 100 challenging sliding puzzles with a twist! The solution is only a doorstep away!,"Unrest is a Role Playing Adventure game set in ancient India that adapts to death, failure, and the choices you make. Play as ordinary people in a struggle for food, safety, freedom, and a chance at peace. Use conversation, manipulation (and sometimes violence) to achieve your goals.","The steepest slopes, thrilling stunts and dangerous action provide a most excellent skiing experience. At an altitude of 2000 metres, far away from civilization, in a battle between you and nature.","QBEH-1: The Atlas Cube is an atmospheric 1st-person puzzle platformer by Liquid Flower that takes players on an inspired quest through a variety of divergent worlds, each filled with new mysteries and secrets to uncover. In this DEMO players will get to experience 3 levels of the 1st world.",Time to clean up! Assume the many jobs of a service company and take care of a vibrant metropolis in the open-world city economy simulation CITYCONOMY.,"To celebrate the release of the Wealth of Nations expansion for Europa Universalis IV, Paradox Books releases this classic work of the same name, in ebook format.","Monochroma is a cinematic puzzle platformer. It’s a game about being a kid, growing up with a little brother that needs your help, facing obstacles, and solving unique puzzles in a dystopian 1950's setting.","In the world of Rune Midgard, the Kafra Company is the one stop shop for storage, teleportation and adventuring supplies. For new players joining from Steam, they are offering this special Welcome to Ragnarok Starter Package. This one-time purchasable box comes with useful equipment and consumables for getting started in Ragnarok Online!","LOSE YOUR MIND. EAT YOUR CREW. DIE. Take the helm of your steamship and set sail for the unknown! Sunless Sea is a game of discovery, loneliness and frequent death, set in the award-winning Victorian Gothic universe of Fallen London.","Aeon Command is a tug of war strategy game, where you play as one of three unique factions to help gain dominance over the Aeon Nebula! Take control of your mother ship to gather resources, produce ships and fight off the enemy mother ship. Grow stronger as you progress through the 24 mission campaign and unlock new upgrades.","Star Sonata 2 is a space-themed massively multiplayer online game that combines elements of action, RPG, and empire creation into a truly unique MMO experience. Explore the sandbox style universe, build persistent bases, construct trade ships, and even fight your way to the top and claim the Emperor’s Throne!","It’s the year 1850, and there are great times ahead! Establish a transport company and be its manager. Build infrastructure such as railways and stations, purchase transportation vehicles and manage lines. Fulfill the people’s needs and watch cities evolve dynamically.","Fall under the spell of Voodoo Chronicles: First Sign. Solve supernatural adventures to unlock fabled mysteries in this mystic, hidden object thriller! Discover the magical secret of the lost tribe, rescue a city from a horrifying monster and unravel the story of the glamorous Kitty.","Sam Tanner finds herself inside a strange facility, where she discovers a device that can bend physics: the Catalyst. With the Catalyst, she must navigate the ruins of the facility, and hopefully find a way back home.","You're Reyk, a highly trained interdimensional Agent. Pack yourself with deadly weapons and equipment, then journey through the portal to strange parallel worlds! Assassinate your targets, sneak in enemy bases and investigate on mysterious anomalies to uncover the odd link between these worlds...","THIS IS THE ULTIMATE WWII AIR COMBAT GAME! You’ll participate in visceral dogfights, protect cities and fleets, bomb enemy structures and even fly through tunnels. Everything is set up in accurately recreated real life locations like Pearl Harbor, Coast of Dover, Midway, Germany and France.","You're a survivor in the zombie infested ruins of society, and must work with your friends and forge alliances to remain among the living.","This is your island, your adventure! Do whatever you like! It's the ultimate Sandbox sim! Farm, catch bugs, talk to villagers, build your own tropical dream island! If you like Animal Crossing or Harvest Moon, you will love this game!","SolidFace is a 2D/3D parametric historic constructive CAD modeler. In addition to 3D modeling, it allows project creation entirely in 2D, such as mechanical parts, civilian plants, layouts, etc. Solidface is a sum of Parasolid ® Siemens 3D modeler core and 15 years of 2D/3D CAD development resulting in a product with powerful...","A caffeine fueled, pun infested, hamster launching retro platform romp through pop culture. Semi Visible Chickens. Hamster launchers. triple strength espresso, Armoured sentient mucus. Just a day in the office for Toxic Bunny.",COLOR is a unique puzzle game from Dual Studios which revolves around the manipulation of color through the additive color system. In each level you must use and manipulate the colors at your disposal to match the color of the goal and therefore progress to the next stage.,"Outland is a fast-paced, dynamic platformer where the player uses powers of light and dark in an epic journey to save the world from forces of chaos.",Ever wanted to punch a bear IN THE MOUTH? FIST OF AWESOME asks the eternal question &amp;quot;what would happen if bears took over the world?&amp;quot; and answers it with the epic tale of a lumberjack travelling through time punching bears in the face to save humanity.,Midsummer's Eve Nymph Pack includes all five color variations of the Nymph outfit plus some additional goodies.,The Midsummer's Eve Lantern Pack includes all three color variations of the Lantern Costume plus some extra goodies.,The F-777 Song Pack is the first DLC released for Rhythm Destruction. It features songs by the artist 'F-777' that are incorporated into three challenging stages.,"Target Hitler: Hunt the Grey Wolf is a one-of-a-kind assassination mission for up to two players in Sniper Elite 3. With an expansive city environment, randomised clues and SEVEN different ways to take down the Grey Wolf, no two playthroughs will be the same!",A stealth player’s delight. This weapons pack for Sniper Elite 3 will leave your opponents guessing where you are and where you’ll be next!,"This weapons pack for Sniper Elite 3 is all about power, stopping your opponents dead in their tracks!","This Sniper Elite 3 Patriot Weapons Pack includes three all-American favourites – the Springfield M1903 rifle, M1911 pistol and M3 “Grease Gun”.","The Sniper Rifles Pack includes the celebrated Karabiner 98K, M1917 Enfield and a specially tuned version of the Springfield rifle.","Turn your enemies’ best weapons against them with the Axis Weapons pack for Sniper Elite 3. Includes weapons from the German, Royal Italian and Imperial Japanese armies like the Type 99 – king of the long distance rifles.",Wield iconic guns from the Eastern Front in this weapons pack for Sniper Elite 3 that combines striking power with blistering speed.,"Allied Reinforcement Outfits Pack includes three characters for use in Sniper Elite 3's competitive multiplayer modes - Allied Urban Sniper, American GI Rifleman, and Indian Army Marksman.",An instruction guide for how to earn the maximum Legend score.,"Battle friends over air, land and sea in this epic WW2-themed battle strategy game.","Cakewalk Loop Manager is the easiest way for STEAM users to install and utilize loop content inside of Cakewalk SONAR Home Studio, Professional, and Platinum.","Recorded at the world-class Bunker Studios in NYC, seven-string guitarist Charlie Hunter and jazz drum master Eric Harland bring the inimitable soul and feel of live musicians, playing together at the top of their game, to anyone’s tracks.","Recorded at the world-class Bunker Studios in NYC, seven-string guitarist Charlie Hunter and jazz drum master Eric Harland bring the inimitable soul and feel of live musicians, playing together at the top of their game, to anyone’s tracks.","The Bunker Sessions Vol 3 is a dramatic and dynamic collection of cinematic, Afro-Cuban, funk and 3/4 grooves featuring world-class performances by Charlie Hunter and Eric Harland. Each session is meticulously organized and edited, allowing you to quickly drag and drop the loops and multitrack sessions to create your own custom...","From funk, folk, pop, jazz and rock, Aaron Comess has done it all in his illustrious career as one of NYC's premier drummers.","The first official release of the Loop Loft &amp;quot;Artist Series&amp;quot;, The Bob Reynolds Collection is the ultimate set of saxophone tracks. Recorded over the course of several days in a Los Angeles studio, we worked directly with Reynolds to produce 13 complete sessions of high quality sax recordings that are specifically tailored for...","The latest release in The Loop Loft's &amp;quot;Artist Series&amp;quot;, this instantly downloadable collection brings the infectious grooves and sounds of world-renowned drummer, Celso Alberti (Steve Winwood, Airto, Flora Purim, Herbie Mann), directly into your own sessions.","The Loop Loft teamed up again with Celso Alberti (Steve Winwood, Airto, Flora Purim, Herbie Mann) to produce Volume 2 of the massively popular Brazilian Drums and Percussion series, resulting in the most in-depth collection of Brazilian grooves ever recorded.","Known for his virtuosic command of a custom 7-string guitar in his own band (as well as with Norah Jones, Mos Def, John Mayer, D’Angelo and countless others), Charlie Hunter brings his soulful and inspired playing to The Loop Loft for this special Artist Series release.","The acoustic guitar has been an essential element in almost every genre of modern music. From fingerpicking folk, to indie rock strumming, to mellow country chords, the acoustic guitar is the backbone of countless songs, yet something that has been overlooked in loop libraries.... until now.","In Doug Wamble's (Wynton Marsalis, Norah Jones) third Artist Series release, Jazz, Blues and Soul, he delivers an astonishing array of guitar parts, drawing inspiration from six string greats like Joe Pass, Wes Montgomery, Kenny Burrell and Grant Green.","To produce our latest Loop Loft Artist Series release, we enlisted the talent of acclaimed guitarist, Doug Wamble (Wynton Marsalis, Norah Jones, Madeleine Peyroux, Branford Marsalis). Recorded over the course of several days in NYC on Wamble's signature Amistar resonator guitar, this collection of tracks covers a vast range of styles,...","The Fender Telecaster. It's one of the most iconic and sonically distinguishable instruments in modern music. Guitarists including Buck Owens, Muddy Waters, Albert Collins, Steve Cropper, Jeff Buckley and Jonny Greenwood have all made the Telecaster an essential component of everything from country to blues to soul to modern rock.",The world of drum loops has just been changed forever. Introducing Eric Harland - &amp;quot;Looped&amp;quot;. A groundbreaking collection of loops and samples that intimately captures the Multi-Grammy nominated drummer’s innovative approach to rhythm.,One of the world's elite drummers has returned. Introducing Eric Harland &amp;quot;Looped&amp;quot; Volume 2. An incredible collection of loops and samples from a drummer pushing the boundaries of music.,"After discovering an orhpaned Musicmaster bass in an NYC recording studio (left behind by famed indie rock producer, Jim O'Rourke), Janek Gwizdala fell in love with the &amp;quot;punchy, warm vibe&amp;quot; of this short scale, one-pickup bass released by Fender in the early 70's.","While taking a break from his globetrotting tour schedule, acclaimed electric bassist, Janek Gwizdala (Randy Brecker, Mike Stern, V.V. Brown) stopped by The Loop Loft's studio in Boston to record this special collection of bass loops.","As a member of The Legendary Roots Crew (The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon), Mark Kelley's infectious bass grooves are heard by millions on TV every night. With his first Loop Loft release, &amp;quot;Mark Kelley - Bass Loops Vol 1&amp;quot;, we bring his signature style of deep pocket, fat tone and funky grooves directly to your DAW.","From turning the jazz world upside down with Miles Davis, to exploring new fusion frontiers with Weather Report, to dominating pop radio with Sting, Mino Cinélu has brought his signature style of drums and percussion to the biggest artists in modern music.","From David Bowie's &amp;quot;Let's Dance&amp;quot; to Daft Punk's &amp;quot;Get Lucky&amp;quot;, Omar Hakim has supplied his signature drum grooves to countless hit songs. With this groundbreaking new collection, The Loop Loft brings Omar's legendary feel and sound directly to your next session.","Chock full of essential loops to form the building blocks of your rock songs, Session Tracks features master drummer Simon Phillips (The Who, Jeff Beck, Joe Satriani, Mick Jagger, Toto etc.) laying down groove after groove, inspired by some of rock’s greatest moments, from AC/DC to Led Zeppelin to ZZ Top.","When you want grooves to sound and feel as authentic as possible, sometimes you have to travel directly to the source. This is what brought The Loop Loft down to New Orleans to record local drumming phenom, Terence Higgins. The result? &amp;quot;Greasy Grooves&amp;quot; - The most in-depth collection of drum loops ever produced from The Big Easy.","MIX FX V3 is a brand new collection of DJ FX, Long Evolving Atmospheric Loops, Risers and Impacts which Producers and DJs alike will find invaluable in the Mix, or used to create tension and release moments within tracks produced in the studio.","Hot from the Rezone sound design factory Loopmasters are proud to present Essential EDM Vol2, a bang up to date collection of awesome high quality samples for producers aiming their creations at the dance floor.","The red carpet has been rolled out and VIP tickets have been issued to all Steam customers as we invite you all to the premiere of Cinematic FX, a digitally enhanced sample collection dedicated to high impact floor shuddering sound FX as heard in the big budget Hollywood productions.",The red carpet has been rolled out once again as Loopmasters proudly present the eagerly awaited follow up to our most action packed sample collection to date. Cinematic SFX vol.2 is a fresh reload of exciting SFX and Foley sounds as heard in the big budget Hollywood productions.,"World class Indian percussionist KV Bala Krishnan returns for another incredible percussion masterclass of Indian rhythms performed with the passion and flair that only a true virtuoso can bring. For producers worldwide looking for authentic royalty free Indian samples to integrate into their productions, this sample collection will...","Sokolovo 1943 is an addon for Graviteam Tactics: Operation Star, which adds new winter area of operations near the Sokolovo village and new operation for the Red Army (1st Czechoslovak Battalion) in March 1943, 15 turns.","Featuring five early-release songs from the mind-blowing multi-dimensional original soundtrack to “Concursion”, this EP is a veritable cornucopia of dope freshness.Composed and performed by Christopher Hoag, this Steam-Exclusive bundle contains songs that can be found only through this package, and nowhere else.","Blue Estate is a black-humoured and corrosive rail shooter, adapted from the critically acclaimed and Eisner Award nominated graphic novel, Blue Estate by Viktor Kalvachev!",Time of Wrath gives a fine piece of wargaming for every fan of WW2 era. This strategy allows players to take control over any country during World War 2 era in Europe and North Africa theater.,Give in to the soothing sounds of the Pure Pool official soundtrack. Experience a tranquil world of chilled out lounge jazz – it’s the perfect way to escape from daily distractions and the best accompaniment for Pure Pool.,"As a contestant on &amp;quot;The Hero Project,&amp;quot; you'll battle villains and heroes alike with your newly discovered &amp;quot;Infini&amp;quot; powers. Will you vote to eliminate your rivals, or betray your alliance to curry favor with the celebrity judges?","Do you have what it takes to become a legendary Powered hero? &amp;quot;Heroes Rise&amp;quot; is an epic interactive novel where your choices control the story. The game is entirely text-based--without graphics or sound effects--and fueled by the vast, unstoppable power of your imagination. How high will you rise?","FranknJohn is a horror inspired action roguelike, where your head is your weapon! Battle your way through randomly generated environments and fight the demented creations from your creator Dr. Harmin. You must defeat Dr. Harmin and escape his domain!","Library Module for Fantasy GroundsThe Savage Worlds Science Fiction Companion contains new races, Edges and Hindrances, Setting Rules, gear, cyberware, and numerous strange creatures from across the galaxy.","This product contains over 450 tokens in a base 70mm format (for Medium-sized), and over 150 portraits, all converted and optimized for online gaming with software like Fantasy Ground. Produced by artist Claudio Pozas and Fiery Dragon Productions, these tokens are framed in a fiery border and can be resized for different map scales...","Savage Worlds Adventure for Fantasy Grounds IIThe Weird West of Deadlands has never been a particularly safe place, but just how much danger do you think your posse can take? Grab a copy of For Whom the Whistle Blows: Night Train 2 and find out.","Heileen soon discovers a deck of tarot cards representative of the seven deadly sins and the seven heavenly virtues. The cards have the power to change both her dreams and her reality, and will help Heileen discover many hidden things from her past, and ultimately what she wants to be? A saint, or a sinner?","Heileen 3 continues the story from the end of the second game and takes place in the Caribbean islands. Traveling side by side with Morgan the pirate, Heileen will search for her missing friends, hoping to reunite with all of them. But that's only the beginning, because the story continues!",A small American town is overrun by the living dead! You manage to enter the town just before the military locks it down and now you must slice and shoot your way through thousands of zombies in order complete your mission in this action-packed Hack &amp;amp; Slash RPG.,"Servo is a sci-fi RTS from some of the key creative talent behind the beloved Age of Empires series. Design your team of giant war machines with parts earned in battle, deploy them into white-knuckle RTS combat, and destroy the opposition in PvP or cooperative scenarios.",The Secret of the Magic Crystals: The Race is a multiplayer expansion for the original game which allows to race with your favourite horse against players around the world or the computer. Ride your horses from the main game and ace on three different tracks. Special power-ups will aid you to win!,"The Long Dark is a thoughtful, exploration-survival experience that challenges solo players to think for themselves as they explore an expansive frozen wilderness in the aftermath of a geomagnetic disaster. There are no zombies -- only you, the cold, and all the threats Mother Nature can muster. Welcome to the Quiet Apocalypse.","Explore a dangerous planet that's different every time and try to survive! The Galactic Union's job for you is clear: research the alien wildlife -- for science! However, in this case, researching may include lasers, explosions, hungry aliens, space sushi, and other similarly delicious-or-terrifying hazards.",Play as the zombies! Infect and Destroy is an indie game in which you play as an infectious disease with the sole purpose of eliminating everyone on Earth. Play as an ultra-intelligent self-aware virus capable of reanimating the dead and turning them into your minions.,Explore the ocean like a real scuba diver.,Heroes of Issachar is a city-builder / FPS hybrid. This game takes everything you love about classic city-builders and puts a crossbow in your hand to defend the kingdom you have built and extinguish the enemy from the land by raising up an army and recruiting other heroes to join the fight.,Enter a seventies science fiction utopia with hand-drawn levels and characters. A platformer adventure with a soundtrack from the past. Are you ready for 1977?,"Unknown forces have scattered the Robot crew of the Starship Redirection across a perilous asteroid belt! In this 3D puzzle game, play as the ship’s computer and solve challenging puzzles to rescue your Robotic colleagues.","Echo of the Wilds is a puzzly narrativy adventure, featuring randomised wilderness survival. Explore and survive this mysterious tale of wilds. Gather resources to build gear and sustain yourself, learning new skills, lore and the intertwining interactions between the various areas, seasons, and weather.","POP: Methodology Experiment One is an experimental game by Rob Lach which was designed music first, with the gameplay and aesthetic derived from the creative flow of the music production process. What emerged is an emotional psychedelic roller-coaster of interactive vignettes.","Flick hapless Critters around to get them safely out of each level! Dodge all sorts of lethal goodies like spikes, buzzsaws, and fire, and use a variety of wacky items to pull it off.","Take command in Shallow Space as you gather resources, modules and blueprints to build your fleet ship by ship and lead your forces to domination in the ultimate 4X/RTS adventure in a fully 3D environment.","Make 2D tilesets for your games in seconds.Save development time and money by getting forty-eight tiles for the effort of three with added bonus features such as dynamic lighting, corner blending modes and more.","Accompany Leona in a clever puzzle adventure to save the inhabitants of a strange but lovely world. Featuring fresh puzzle mechanics, wonderful retro graphics, lots of exploration and an excellent soundtrack by legendary game composer Chris Huelsbeck.","Another Perspective is a puzzle platformer following the very confusing adventure of someone looking for something. Swap minds to see the world in different ways! Where one mind sees a bottomless pit, another might not. Where one sees a locked door, another sees a key. To change perspective is to change reality!",Lead a Colony of Climate Disaster Survivors.,In this open world action role-playing game you will bring your dragon's story to life. Become a terrifying or benevolent dragon powerful enough to threaten kingdoms and leave its claw-mark in history. WARNING: DRAGON IS IN EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. IT IS NOT A COMPLETED GAME.,"Heavy Fire: Afghanistan is a super fast playing on-rails shooter set in modern-day Afghanistan featuring tanks, assault vehicles and helicopters. The game offers 60 awards, one machine co-op for up to four, Steam Cloud, Leaderboards and Trading Cards.","Super Dungeon Bros is a rock-themed dungeon brawler where a band of mighty rock bros must navigate the fantasy realm of Rökheim and its hellish dungeons to seek out epic loot, fight hordes of evil undead and uncover the legends of long lost fabled Rock Stars!","Five-star tower defense with unrivaled depth and replayability. The Bloons are back in full HD glory and this time they mean business! Build awesome towers, choose your favorite upgrades, hire cool new Special Agents, and pop every last invading Bloon in the best ever version of the most popular tower defense series in history.","Use gravity, tension, and wind currents to get your hot air balloon to its destination, dropping off cargo on your way, in this ultra-challenging physics-based game. All art used in the Howler was meticulously created by classically-trained experienced painters.","A detailed 111-page strategy guide for Millennium - A New Hope! Includes a complete walkthrough with maps, plus sidequests, animal kings and all secret rooms!","Wrath of the Nagas is the first expansion for Warlock 2 and with it developer InoCo introduces the greatest threat Ardania has ever seen.Lurking on the fringes of our world for centuries. Waiting for an opportunity to strike, invade and conquer. The Nagas have returned!","This is the original Soundtrack of the game Dead Bits, created by Frost Orb.","DLC pack description: Based on player wishes, these five all-new vehicles bring a new twist to your game! The Tatra 4m tram and Capitol S metro train are novelties on tracks, and the three new articulated buses offer a pleasant way for the citizens to get around. Tatra 4m tram carries plenty of passengers and is fairly fast.","THE WHEELS ON THE BUS GO ROUND &amp;amp; ROUNDPack yourself in one of five new vehicles inspired by the efficiency of large European cities and designed to keep your cities in motion. These new vehicles are not only easy on the eye, but they ride like a seamless untroubled dream.",Addional Animal: roedeer and fawn,"Welcome to The Happy Hereafter, a casual sim in which you guide the newly dead as they build an afterlife for themselves and their fellow lost souls. There will be no rest for the wickedly funny as you put them to work building a village to rival Paradise!","Fly the legendary F-86F Sabre that was the most capable western fighter of the early- to mid-1950s. This swept wing, single engine jet was the most important western aircraft of the Korean War and often tangled with Russian-made MiG-15s over the infamous “MiG Alley”.",Selknam Defense is more than an exceptional strategy game. It’s a gateway to the past that puts a nation’s destiny into your control. Do you have the skills to alter history and save the Selknam?,Control many upgradeable futuristic racers under arcade or simulation racing style. Experience high speed aerial moves and dramatic crashes on excellently designed tracks.Feel the speed of the slipstream!,The World of Subways 1 line is going from New York beneath the Hudson-River to Newark. The original route is almost equally split in underground and above ground sections. Coming with excellent graphics this simulator also puts a lot of emphasis on original physics of the train and wagons.,"On the beautiful island of Tropico, it never rains; El Presidente insists on it. So when the clouds roll in and the rain starts to fall you know something is on the way. Rumours are that a group of citizens have united to form a mysterious cult and have placed a curse over Tropico.",Create and promote an artisan cheese brand by introducing a new production chain with the Creamery: a new building that enables you to make the most of Tropico’s local goats and llamas.,"Every movie needs a set, and for this epic production, the whole island will be prepared for a blockbusting World War II movie. In ‘T-Day’, you must re-enact the defending of Tropico from its biggest-ever invasion and produce the greatest movie that the world has ever seen!","Is this madness? No, this is Tropico! Find new ways of disposing unwanted opposition to your regime by installing the asylum, including straight jackets, isolation cells, electroconvulsive therapy and more!","Knowledge is power. No one knows this better than El Presidente, who leaves no stone unturned in his quest to position Tropico as a leader in the world of technological progress. And, as any media or educational establishment on Tropico will tell you, no one has more knowledge than El Presidente!","Come with El Presidente on a journey through time and space in the new ‘Surf’s Up!’ DLC for Tropico 5. In the not-too-distant future, Earth is under threat of alien incursion. The only hope for Tropico lies with the wise dolphins of the Pacific Ocean, who hold the power to veto this decision through bureaucracy!","In this latest episode of Tropico 5, history is repeating itself while El Presidente prepares for all-out invasion and large-scale warfare! Build the majestic Defense HQ to instill fear in your enemies!","In his endless struggle to please/rule all Tropicans alike, El Presidente decides it’s time to go green!",Construct a chain of Fast Food Restaurants all across the island.,"El Presidente is getting tired of this ruthless dictator image, so he’s decided it is time to become the most famous supervillain in the whole Caribbean.",Penultimo presents: Five new island maps designed for your undisputed rule!,"Help Ashley Ford find her father and solve the mystery of the Three Oak Mansion. A professional thief, Ashley has inherited this hobby from her father, who suddenly disappeared one night while he was trying to sneak into the Three Oak Mansion. You start the game in front of a big, deserted house that hides a lot of secrets.","Test your limits against a brutal and mysterious world as Parvus, a curious warrior with no memory and a heavy burden. Raise your spear and cast ancient spells as you battle hostile creatures and towering bosses in procedurally-generated 2D landscapes that are both beautiful and dangerous. Answer the call. Break the cycle.","Permanently unlocks several special bonuses such as premium servers, expanded character customization and exclusive cosmetics/skins.","The Zoo is expanding! More than 30 new types of animals and plants have moved in at the zoo. Favorite species such as the Wolf, the Arctic Fox, the Giant Kangaroo and the Meerkat are the new Stars in your zoo! Improve the park with the blossoms of sunflowers and rare orchids and plant exotic trees such as bamboo and eucalyptus.",Be a pioneer and build the most famous transcontinental railroad tracks in the United States of America throughout the 19th century.,The CRYENGINE Sample Assets package contains several example source files in either Max or Maya format which can be used for learning how to get the most out of your assets and utilize the built-in tech and tools in CRYENGINE.,Ford Street Racing takes you to the sun-bleached streets of LA for a unique fast-and-furious team racing experience!,"Savage Worlds Setting and ThemeA custom setting library module and theme for use with Fantasy Grounds and the Savage Worlds ruleset.An endless winter is coming...500 years ago: From the frozen far north, beyond the civilized lands with their rolling hills and forests, arose a mighty army of frost giants, ice devils, Hellfrost dragons,...",Savage Worlds Supplement for Fantasy Grounds PREPARE TO FIGHT FOR YOUR LIVES! Enter a world where Ice Demons and Frost Wights wait to destroy the careless adventurer. Do you dare to tread the same path as them?,"Runers is a top-down rogue-like dungeon shooter where you explore a vast underground labyrinth and face fierce monsters and bosses. As the game advances further into the dungeon, you will gather Runes, which will be used to combine into 285 unique spells.",Digital Art BookSoundtrackWallpaper,"Alternate costume pack for Decapre, Elena, Hugo, Poison, and Rolento in Ultra Street Fighter IV.","Take command of the German army through some of the most famous battles of the war, leading the mighty Wehrmacht on towards Moscow. The variety of maps and battle situations is what makes Frontline so different and engaging: players are confronted with blitzkriegs, trench wars and dog fights, but also unusual situation such as missions...","You take the part of the military and political leadership, trying to lead your nation to victory, in the midst of some of the toughest operations of the Civil War. You will build, organize and command your armies over one of the largest maps of the USA ever made for a Civil War game.","Sequel to its successful predecessor, Battle Academy 2 moves the action east – to the bloodied plains of Mother Russia. When a gritty new look, great new features, and random mission generation meet battle-proven gameplay you can be sure of a turn-based strategy classic!","A Tactical Battle Simulator that allows you to command thousands of soldiers as a Union or Confederate General. The game features the most accurately created map, a non-linear battle campaign, complex morale, innovative control mechanics and smart AI.","Overlord: Fellowship of Evil is an Action RPG filled with the series’ black humour and penned by award-winning scriptwriter Rhianna Pratchett. Players embark on an epic new quest in single-player or with up to three friends in co-op, assisted by the mighty, maniacal and occasionally moronic minions.",The unique word puzzle which combines the skill of Sudoku with the knowledge of Scrabble®. Lexica has been featured in a number of UK daily newspapers but is now available for the first time in an interactive form.,"A modern take on the classic arcade arena shooter. Taking inspiration from an entire generation of action games, Iron Fisticle builds on classic titles like Gauntlet and Robotron while adding over 100 collectible items, an RPG style upgrade system and local multiplayer.","A new sci-fi adventure from Cyan, the creators of Myst. Abducted far across the universe, you find yourself on a broken alien landscape with odd pieces of Earth. Explore, uncover, solve, and find a way to make it home.",The assets required for modding The Banner Saga.,"Hi, fellas -- welcome to Deadpool Pinball. As in, Me Pinball. As in, I'm in it… What else do you need? It has ramps, me, multiballs, me, pinball, me, and a whole lot of bangs and booms. Oh, and did I say that I'm in it?",This DLC contains a custom skin for Grim Genji in Awesomenauts. You need to have Grim Genji available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,"BattleSpace is a sci-fi flash game designed to play in the comfort of your web browser. In this free online strategy game, you step into the role of an Admiral, building a solar system in the depths of a faraway galaxy.","Outfit your band of wizards, warriors, and assassins with custom-made weapons and armor built using a full-fledged crafting system, then lead them into battle against legions of lethal foes as you race to thwart an ancient prophecy in this fast-paced strategy RPG!",Adventure across the lands of Northmark and save your homeland from the plot in this original card RPG.,"Fractured Soul takes the classic platformers of the 80s and doubles the action! Your unique ability to shift between two parallel dimensions allows you to weave through enemy fire, catch opponents by surprise, and leap over impossibly wide gaps by using platforms in both realities.","It is the end of summer. Han Hui, a university student, meets a mysterious young girl named He Jia in the mountains. After this chance meeting, the two embark on a delightful journey.","You play as a young mercenary and travel from soul to soul to avenge your fiance and her family. While finding a way to change the flow of past events, you will encounter many obstacles and meet new allies. Will you be brave enough?","Fancy Skulls is a challenging first person shooter with procedural generation, permadeath and distinct art style. Intense and tactical combat, unique weapon mods and items that change the way you play.",Crew a Submarine with friends in We Need To Go Deeper - a 2-4-player cooperative submarine roguelike set in a Verne-inspired undersea universe.,"Asteria is a fast paced indie platformer, wrapped up in a sandbox sci-fi world where everything is destructible, mineable, collectable, craftable and creatable.","Weave through missiles to generated music, and let the world flow around you.","Nicole is thrilled that she managed to get into her first choice school and is looking forward to experiencing college life there. However, as soon as she moves into the university dorms, she finds out that there’s been a series of mysterious disappearances going on around the campus!","Kill, steal, and tread the tender fields of diplomacy in this RPG Brawler with a ridiculously complicated conversation system - or you can just beat up everyone you meet, you psycho.","Quite a different zombie game - this time YOU are the zombie! Command your infested comrades, fight your way to freedom and let the zombie kind dominate the world! Oh, and you're able to create your own scenarios!","Post World War II, a region in political turmoil. Andre’s father offers to give him his lemonade factory – but on one condition; he and his wife, Liselot, must journey through the entire factory, a task that is easier said than done. Andre and Liselot must combine their unique abilities to make it through each room together.",The vast continent-spanning city of Collosatropolis has finally reached the limits of its expansion. Tall buildings cover every available space. The air is thick with smoke and poisonous chemicals.,"You are NUX, sole survivor of the Nexon warrior tribe. The evil Silthax has invaded your home world of Nexolus, devoured your fellow Nexons and stolen the sacred power crystals from your village.","Take Canyon Capers, and add football to it... an all new way to play a classic retro platformer.","Sport and RPG elements have been combined with traditional fighting game mechanics for the first time, to offer unrivaled realism and challengingly brutal gameplay. Train until you sweat blood to increase skills such as endurance, speed, leg and arm strength.",World of Guns:Starter Pack unlocks 15 models from different categories and 1 Shooting Range.,The classic abstract strategy game comes to Steam! Othello is an ageless game that takes a minute to learn and a lifetime to master. Place tiles surrounding your opponents tiles to flip them to your color. Get to the end with more tiles of your color and you are the winner!,Unlock your inner grease monkey as Loopmasters opens up an inspiring new royalty free sample collection made with inanimate objects that are usually located in man's secret hideaway &amp;quot;The Tool Shed&amp;quot;,Loopmasters are proud to present a fresh and exciting collection of new and exclusive samples for producers looking to make original and contemporary Dubstep tracks.,Loopmasters proudly present Progressive House and Mainroom a fresh new sample collection of Mainroom House and Progressive samples for producers worldwide looking to enhance their peak time productions with the latest cutting edge sounds.,"Loopmasters and Re-Zone are proud to present a fresh collection of hand-hammered, royalty free Techno samples for producers worldwide.",Jason Greenhalgh and Paul Smith aka Total Science are back with another incredible set of Club Ready Drum &amp;amp; Bass sounds and samples with D&amp;amp;B Lab Test Vol.,"Created by RDGsoundFX, this library features growls, hisses, roars, screeches, and much more of creepy and imaginative, alien-like creatures.","Prepare for impact! This EFX Bullet Impact collection features a huge number of impacts into cars, metal, walls, water, body impacts, as well as passbys, ricochets and underwater passbys. A must-have for for actual bullet and combat sounds – and for adding oomph to many other types of impact sounds too!","Looking to blow stuff up? The EFX EXPLOSIONs Collection features a selection of grenade explosion &amp;amp; blast sounds – closeups, distant and muted/muffled explosion recordings included.","Welcome to the world of goregeous bone breaking, blood soaking and flesh slicing Splatter SoundFX. This huge hardgore, construction kit contains all the sounds of gore you need for your horror-, action-, thriller-, slasher-, monster-, martial-arts-, zombie- or fantasy-, movie or video-game.","SILENTSCAPES is a collection high quality recorded and fully mastered room tones, ambiences and background sounds. The sound library contains both indoor and outdoor sounds and the sound editing was done to obtain constant and quiet ambiences.",Edward – The Foleyart Collection brings high quality Foley Artist footsteps to every audio production studio: offers high end recordings in different distance to adjust perfectly to your scene. All sounds in WAV and tagged with Metadata.,"This new library gets you a huge collection of all kinds of Buttons, Switches, Knobs, Levers, Sliders – that were pushed hard (and soft). From small buttons, small mechanics to big levers of different materials. Perfectly cleaned and edited for direct use.","The Assault Rifles collection includes weapon sounds from the European FN-FAL including FN-FAL, HECKLER &amp;amp; KOCH 33 and SIG 551.","The EFX HANDGUNS collection delivers a fine selection of classic hand gun sounds, including recordings of a COLT FRONTIER 1873, GLOCK, RUGER MK2 SUPPRESSOR, SW 1911, BERETTA F92 and a JERICO 41AE.","Cinematic Hits &amp;amp; Transitions features cinematic, epic, heavy, impacts and hits + 100 scary, haunting, transitions and movements. Ideal for your movie and game trailers!","Heileen 3 Bonus Content includes the full game soundtrack in MP3, wallpapers and chibi sprites at higher resolution.",Help Short Legs Bill find his rum!,"A story of greed, corruption, and real estate in 1920s Miami.","A cyberpunk adventure game from the studio that brought you Gemini Rue and Blackwell! The year is 2087. Genetic engineering is the norm, and an omnipresent AI powers the city. Take control of three citizens of this world as they struggle to understand a deadly conspiracy.","Penarium is a frantic 2D arena arcade game where you take on the role of Willy, trapped in a sinister circus show. Run, jump and avoid an array of killer death-traps while being cheered on by a sadistic crowd that’s out for blood.","Based on the 1987 Games Workshop classic, a battle vs zombies cultists &amp;amp; time! Chainsaw Warrior: Lords of the Night sees the player fighting against hordes of Aztec Zombies, and the clock, to save reality from Darkness.","EnV. the mysterious musical madman, has released his latest mind-smashing masterpiece! 'The Sixth' * Rise * Gengsing * Stariways * Sky Rockets * Surrender * The...","FIGHT OR DIE! Cursed by the evil Wizard King, bounty hunters Lea and Leo are chased by every monster in the kingdom and the Grim Reaper himself! There's only one way to get rid of the curse; the legendary Elixir of Life! But how to get the ingredients? FIGHT MONSTERS!","Get ready to enter the 2nd Dimension! Thrust into a bizarre and unfamiliar city and find your place among strange citizens. Work, Fight, Study, Eat, Drink, Gamble, Train, Sleep, Quest, Collect, Invest, Repeat.","The complete original soundtrack from the game, Viktor.","When a tragic turn of events sets one man down a path of supernatural chaos and revenge, he must brutally hunt down all those who wronged him. Fight and survive through 8 unique story-based scenarios, and try your hand at 40 individually designed turn-based combat...",Van Helsing has a new problem to solve: a strange ethereal gate opens in his secret underground maze and he must enter the realms beyond the veil of the world to find out who are responsible for this new threat.,"Care for over 40 different animals from all four corners of the Earth whilst running a professional programme of rescue, rehabilitation, research and conservation.",Great Horse-Package for Wildlife Park 2 with 15 breeds of horses in 12 Missions,"The Karp of Doom will take you to the Plains of Karponia! Face new enemies and bosses, collect new loot, unlock the Samurai class and much more! All future content for Hero Siege will be available only for the DLC!","DLC Bundle #1 Upgrade Pack 1, Upgrade Pack 2, Magic-Fighter Pack, Basic Adventure Pack, Fallen-Angel Pack, Dull-Things Pack, Legendary-Monster Pack","DLC Bundle #2 F-Fishy?! Pack 1, F-Fishy?! Pack 2, Secret-Society Pack, Ultimate-Equipment Pack, Additional-Points Pack 2, Rebellious...",DLC Bundle #3Top-Breeder PackCarrot-and-Stick PackPlayful-Cat PackAdditional-Points Pack 3Jack Pack,"DLC Bundle #4 Additional-PP Pack 2, Seasoned-Breeder Pack, Tonight’s-Dinner Pack, Rumoured Adventure Pack, Legendary Adventure Pack","DLC Bundle #5 Additional-Points Pack 4, Additional-PP Pack 1, Additional-TP Pack","DLC Bundle #6 Unlock Galleries, Unlock Voices","Your fight for survival begins on the frozen shores of a mysterious island, where bitter cold and vicious creatures conspire to defeat the unprepared. Uncover the land’s dark history as you and fellow castaways explore and conquer the hostile wilderness of Savage Lands.","&amp;quot;Marine Wolrld&amp;quot; offers 23 sea dwellers in 8 new Missions and 10 maps. A lot of new animaldevices, service, plants and...",Build your farm of your dreams! Farm World enlarges the Wildlife Park 2 Univers with 10 animals in 7 exciting missions and 20 freeplaymaps all around the world.,Exciting and thrilling dinosaur-extension for the Wildlife Park univers with 11 different dinosaurs in 9 new missions.,"Radiation Island is a survival adventure game where you craft your own destiny in a huge open world environment. As part of the Philadelphia Experiment you have become stranded in a parallel, alternate reality. Discover this new and mysterious world, with all its surprises.",IL-2 Sturmovik: Battle of Stalingrad is the continuation of the legendary IL-2 Sturmovik series that has set the standard for PC combat flight games for more than ten years. This new entry into the series will offer virtual pilots an even more accurate simulation of the most famous air battles of World War II.,"Cricket Captain is back for the 2014 season, with a beautiful new interface, updated 3D graphics engine, and all the attention to detail that you expect. Cricket Captain has been hailed as the best cricket management simulation every created, and with one of the most exciting cricket seasons for a decade in prospect, it’s about time you...","It becomes fantastic! Real mythical creatures will become the main attraction in your zoo for the very first time. White and black unicorns, saphire- and firedragons will asthonish your park visitors.","Gold Rush! takes you back to the year 1849, when gold was discovered in California. It was certainly one of the most exciting times in American history. Gold Rush! includes the three routes tens of thousands took to the gold regions. Become Jerrod Wilson and experience each trek as you travel from New York to California.","&amp;quot;The Curse of the Sickled Hand&amp;quot; is an introductory adventure designed for the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game. Intended to challenge four 3rd level characters, this adventure is especially designed for the novice GM, with game mastering tips and handy side bar references to help make it easier to run.","A GLOBAL CAMPAIGN TO SAVE MANKIND!The Silver Twilight is an international organization dedicated to the destruction of the human race. As brave Investigators, you must piece together passages from esoteric books, shards of ancient artifacts, and puzzling letters to discover the Silver Twilight's loathsome goals.",The Forbidden HillsOne on One Adventures #3Starvation looms for the people of the Wolf tribe! The elk have all but disappeared and the risky move of the tribe near the Bear clan territory has proved fruitless.,"In Back to Bed you guide the sleepwalker Bob to the safety of his bed by taking control of his subconscious guardian named Subob. Together they will travel through a surreal and painting-like dream world, avoiding dangers and getting safely back to bed.","Insanely low and risky flying; experience adrenaline rush with competitive racing in Altitude0: Lower &amp;amp; Faster. Race on crazy tracks with blades &amp;amp; fire rings, and pimp your plane with awesome decorations. Join team-based multiplayer full of crashing action!",Starvation looms for the people of the Wolf tribe! The elk have all but disappeared and the risky move of the tribe near the Bear clan territory has proved fruitless. An emergency council of the elders has declared that a single hearty warrior must make the dangerous journey deeper into Bear territory to fi nd a source of food.,A NEW weapon for Dagger classes in Realm of the Mad God.,A NEW weapon for Sword classes in Realm of the Mad God.,A NEW weapon for Bow classes in Realm of the Mad God.,A NEW weapon for Staff classes in Realm of the Mad God.,A NEW weapon for Wand classes in Realm of the Mad God.,Fill the ranks of your army with professional foreign soldiers to demonstrate your superiority on the battlefield once and for all. Make use of the newly added mercenary recruiting mechanic of Hegemony Rome: The Rise of Caesar.,Enhance your combat skills and master the battlefield with six all-new advanced tactical units.,"Command armies, manage resources, and build an empire in this real-time strategy wargame from Longbow Games. Will Rome fulfil its destiny to rule the ancient world or will history be rewritten to forge a new Etruscan, Gallic, or Greek hegemony!",Jacob Jones is back in Episode 2 of Jacob Jones and the Bigfoot Mystery.,"Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new vacation themed outfits for Ryu, Ken, Akuma, Gouken, and Dan.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new vacation themed outfits for Zangief, E.Honda, Rufus, Abel, and El Fuerte.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new vacation themed outfits for M.Bison, Sagat, Vega, Balrog, and Seth.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new vacation themed outfits for Guile, Blanka, Dhalsim, Gen, and Fei Long.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new vacation themed outfits for Chun-Li, C.Viper, Sakura, Rose, and Cammy.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new vacation themed outfits for Hakan, Makoto, Guy, Dudley, and Dee Jay.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new vacation themed outfits for Juri, Ibuki, Cody, Adon, and T.Hawk.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new vacation themed outfits for Yun, Yang, Evil Ryu, and Oni.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new vacation themed outfits for Rolento, Elena, Poison, Hugo, and Decapre.",Space Program Manager (SPM) Road to the Moon is the ultimate game of space exploration. It is the mid 1950s and the race for dominance between the US and the Soviet Union is about to move into a new dimension: space.,"Domestic Animal-Package: New cute pets, which you can mind, will play inside your zoo. Highlind and norwich terrier, old german sheep dog, european domestic animal and carthusian looking forward for a new home!","Save up to 55% on a wealth of new single and multiplayer content for Sniper Elite 3, including FOUR single player missions, SIX weapons packs, and THREE multiplayer outfits.",Total Pro Golf 3 puts you in charge of your career looking to make it as a professional golfer on one of the world's most prestigious professional golf tours.,"When one brother is taken away by the Inquisition, the other must search for answers that will set his imprisoned sibling free. You’ll be quickly immersed in an extraordinary expedition, as you explore the ravishingly beautiful and detailed locations and solve a unique combination of puzzles, mini-games, and other challenges within the...",LogiGun is a physics-based puzzle platformer. Take control of June as she climbs a tower filled with perplexing puzzles. Mix and match a variety of neat guns to solve your way through increasingly complex challenges.,"Uber-Hardcore, Turn-Based, Steampunk, Squad Tactics. Battle 6 other factions for control of Pangea in emergent, tactical gameplay.","Run, jump and slash your way through this endless runner! Race through galactic environments as you try to stop the Evil Pyramid and his Cone Trooper army. Earn, purchase and upgrade your hero’s costumes, weapons, and special powers to help you be the greatest warrior in all of space and time!","Dungeon-Crawling First Person Shooting at its finest! Fast-paced combat! Dozens of perks, spells and enemies! Level ups! Random Dungeons! Traps! Badass bosses! Carrots!","Pushing boulders, matching gems and mining silver... that's what life's all about.","Build your towers of paper before they get out of the box and make a big mess in the room. Manage the turrets, upgrade and be careful where you put them... every decision can be fatal! Watch out for the air units, they have a different route!","Start an adventure in a world full of monster hunters! A huge monster RPG that can be played either in single player or MMORPG mode. Includes PvP, trading, split screen, gamepad support and cross-platform online support!","Look, touch, lick, eat, grope, lie, and die your way through a mighty pixel city in this retro-style point-and-click adventure game!","Orborun is a 3D action skill run &amp;amp; roll game! Control your Orbot, avoid the obstacles and escape the hazardous Orbo-world. More than 100 levels, local co-op multiplayer, feeling of speed and twisted levels in haste/puzzle and hazard shaped different worlds makes this game fun to play for ages!","Geneshift is a top-down shooter bursting with brutal gunplay and insane vehicle action. Unlock mutant skills and outplay friends in tactical online combat. Then go invisible, explode car bombs and complete stealth missions in the online co-op campaign.",DubWars is a music game that combines the mechanics of a top-down shooter with the power of Dubstep and Electronica music. Your weapons are synced to the music creating times of intense weapon load outs and calm moments where your survival skills are tested.,Super Sky Arena is a modern re-imagination of Starfox multiplayer! Local multiplayer dogfights for up to 4 Friends (or Enemies). Your Friends are too far away to join you on your couch? Host an online game for them instead or play against the AI. Multiplayer fun for all!,"The Roundabout Deluxe Edition DLC includes a crazy amount of behind the scenes content and exclusive features. Soundtrack, Unreleased Trailers, Early Builds, Art Book and Screenplay, and even &amp;quot;Georgio Cam&amp;quot; - the first person version of Roundabout.","Nicole Bonus Content includes the full game soundtrack in MP3, wallpapers and chibi sprites at higher resolution.","Foster and Skully's alter-egos take center stage here, all lit up in neon!DJ Skully makes a new appearance as DJ Voltage, sporting a blinding neon-blue skin!Mr Foster joins the party as Mr Magma, in a blazing red suit!Both characters come with their own particle effects - in neon, naturally!","Created by the Bongiorno Guliano (&amp;quot;Dub Style&amp;quot;) from the Killing Floor community, all revenues from this pack are shared with that community member!This weapon pack gives you gorgeous new versions of 4 of our favorite weapons:The AK-47 in a glowing redThe HSG shottie, also in that wonderful redThe Kris Super-V in neon blueThe...",We have recorded new sessions with an orchestra and this Music Pack now adds that music to enhance the Europa Universalis IV soundtrack.,"Paradox Development Studios ups the stakes with the latest and third expansion from Europa Universalis IV – The Art of War. Centered on the 30 Years War and bubbling political instability between church and state, this expansion features improved gameplay mechanics that’s puts warfare at the forefront.",Europa Universalis IV: Evangelical Union Unit Pack adds 12 new units models for the members of the Evangelical Union.,Europa Universalis IV: Catholic League Unit Pack adds 12 new units models for the members of the Catholic League.,"We have recorded new sessions with an orchestra and this Music Pack now adds that music to enhance the Europa Universalis IV soundtrack. The new tracks, totaling about 29 minutes of masterfully composed music, is part from from EU2, and part new.",The official Cities in Motion Soundtrack contains 8 unique songs from the game Cities in Motion.The songs included are:1. The First Era2. The Second Era3. The Third Era4. The Fourth Era5. Main Menu – Grunge6. Main Menu7. Tokyo8. U.S.,Cities in Motion 2 contains 13 unique songs composed by Olli Perttula. These songs run while on your daily commute!Following songs are included:1. In Transit2. Coordination is Key3. Morning Commute4. Almost There5. Now We’re Moving6. It’s Rush Hour7. On the Bus8. Please be Patient9. All Aboard!10. The City Lights11. As the Sun Sets12.,"Prepare to inhabit a world of chivalry, class warfare and off-beat pop references. Knights of Pen &amp;amp; Paper 2 is a turn-based, retro style, pixel-art adventure full of danger, intrigue, death, and saving throws!","The Nightmare Cooperative is a fiendishly difficult turnbased roguelike featuring an array of characters, each with different powers to help you destroy monsters, escape levels, and collect gold.","Congratulations! You’ve been accepted as the only human student at the prestigious St. PigeoNation’s Institute, a school for talented birds! Roam the halls and find love in between classes as a sophomore student at the world’s greatest pigeon high school.","Fear is coming: The Reaper Pack transforms Natural Selection 2's alien lifeforms into a new, terrifying form. Only the bravest marines stand against these vicious, mutated Kharaa! 50% of the proceeds of the Reaper Pack go to one of the NS2 community's hardest working members: Rantology.",NS2: Combat is a powerful twitch-shooter where space marines battle aliens through a competitive mixture of MOBA &amp;amp; FPS playstyles. Are you ready?,"Higurashi When They Cry is a sound novel. The music, backgrounds and characters work together to create a world that is the stage of a novel for the user to read. They laugh and cry and get angry. The user takes the point of view of the protagonist to experience the story.","The Way of Life makes the player relive the same life's experiences from the point of view of three characters of different ages: an adult, an old man and a child.","Fractured Space is an award winning free-to-play space combat game where you control a gigantic capital ship to seize mines and bases for resources and buffs. Play solo, co-op Quick Play PvE or 5-v-5 PvP. The intensity of a shooter combine with strategy as you battle to capture the enemy's base.","Advanced Tactics: Gold offers a unique and infinitely replayable wargaming experience for any strategy fan. Building off of the enormous success of Advanced Tactics: World War II, the Gold edition gives players a more powerful game editor, much improved random game engine, many new features and abilities, and more.",World of Guns:World War II Pack #1 unlocks 12 models from World of Guns:Gun Disassembly game and 1 shooting range.,X-Plane 10 Global - 64 Bit - Asia Scenery is a free optional DLC that you can activate thru your Steam Client. It will give you the default Asia Scenery.,X-Plane 10 Global - 64 Bit - Australia Scenery is a free optional DLC that you can activate thru your Steam Client. It will give you the default Australia Scenery.,X-Plane 10 Global - 64 Bit - North America Scenery is a free optional DLC that you can activate thru your Steam Client. It will give you the default North America Scenery.,X-Plane 10 Global - 64 Bit - South America Scenery is a free optional DLC that you can activate thru your Steam Client. It will give you the default South America Scenery.,"Steel &amp;amp; Steam takes the best elements from the fantasy JRPG’s of old, such as great stories, awesome characters, and classic monsters, and combines them with a touch of steampunk. It’s like taking Lord of the Rings and mixing in the Wild West.","Let's set off in the footsteps of Corto Maltese! Along Venice's canals and narrow alleys, fight against a poison that ravages you, avoid bullets and explosions, face the unknown, and eventually open the doors of knowledge.",Rise from the humble role of a simple mayor governing a small settlement and rule over all of Europe.,Crookz - The Big Heist is a tactical strategy game set in the funky 1970’s with a slick and groovy atmosphere. Show off the art of thieving by plotting stylish heists and robberies; utilizing espionage and quick-thinking to avoid detection.,"Deathtrap is a Tower Defense game with strong action-RPG elements, a game of vicious tricks, killing machines, rotating blades and splattering blood.","DiRT Rally is the most authentic and thrilling rally game ever made, road-tested over 80 million miles by the DiRT community. It perfectly captures that white knuckle feeling of racing on the edge as you hurtle along dangerous roads, knowing that one crash could irreparably harm your stage time.",Do you want to relax by the water in beautiful nature? European Fishing allow you to go on a virtual fishing tour.,&amp;quot;No More Room in Hell - Original Soundtrack Volume 1&amp;quot; by Garrett &amp;quot;ThoughT&amp;quot; Lindquist presents over 45 minutes of music from the Source mod &amp;quot;No More Room in Hell.&amp;quot; Each track has been remastered for this release by Andrew Glassford.,"Throw on your nostalgia goggles and travel back in time with Super Win the Game, a retro-core explosion of exploration and platforming action!!","You are Jillian Cleary: an ex-spy on the run, framed for treason and hunted by your former agency. You must move in secret, survive off the grid, and find a way to clear your name. Old friends and new allies will lend their support; but with the eyes of the world upon you, who can you trust?","Construct Airships and wage war in a sandbox world populated by floating islands, sprawling skies and adventure. Ride on ships and build them while your motley drive you forward, toward exploration. Persistent player servers and much more await!",Experience the full evolution of the award-winning Geometry Wars franchise and battle through waves of enemies on 3D grids in this frenetic arcade shooter!,The galaxy's biggest no-brainer!Control two adorably dim-witted alien space janitors on their quirky quest to repair the galaxy!,"A reinvention of the cave-flyer for players who love games of skill. You control an extremely responsive ship, which opens up new possibilities for speed flying challenges, puzzles, and bullet hell scenarios. This game is set at 1980s difficulty--Survive it if you can.",Onikira is a 2D side scrolling beat ‘em up set in a fantasy feudal Japan where the player takes on the role of a samurai fighting to prevent the forces of the Japanese underworld from breaking through into the world of the living.,"Basketball Pro Management is the ultimate basketball management simulation with a multitude of parameters. Each of your choices will have a direct influence on each game! NOW includes complete North American league system (recruitment, salary cap, luxury tax,...) .","A deadly new breed of human monster is on the rise, and it’s up to players to stop the infestation before it spreads. Breach &amp;amp; Clear: DEADline Rebirth is a new and greatly improved version of B&amp;amp;C: Deadline, the follow-up to Breach &amp;amp; Clear, the critically acclaimed hybrid tactical strategy game.","The legendary fighting franchise returns with STREET FIGHTER® V! Stunning visuals depict the next generation of World Warriors in unprecedented detail, while exciting and accessible battle mechanics deliver endless fighting fun that both beginners and veterans can enjoy.","Legions of Ashworld is a turn-based war-game, which brings a sense of adventure to strategic war-gaming with its first-person view of an open world environment.","Enter the deadly game show of Man in a Maze and leave with more than your life! Sneak past patrolling robots, avoid deadly traps and fight back with nifty gadgets and weapons. Man in a Maze has elements of puzzle, arcade and stealth – plus local multiplayer for 2-4 players.","You play as a young mercenary and travel from soul to soul to avenge your fiance and her family. While finding a way to change the flow of past events, you will encounter many obstacles and meet new allies. Will you be brave enough?","Journey to another planet and discover its secrets in order to bring your loved one back to life. Experience an adventure, inspired by old school classics like Another World, Heart of Darkness and Flashback.","Will you become the greatest Head of State ?Play one of the powerful rulers of a nation! . Slip into the shoes of the President of the U.S., or the leader of China, Russia, United Kingdom, or other countries. Expand your influence on the world stage.","A thousand years had passed since the great battle between the Lord of Chaos and the forces of the Order. Little by little, life returned back to normal. The story begins, when a young neophyte journeys north, to learn from an eccentric wizard, one of the most ancient and powerful Guild’s members.","It's the year 2351, and you're a pilot trying to rise through the ranks all the way to glory. As a member of the Galactic Federation, you'll be granted more than 20 weapons to use in each pass-fail mission. Your goal is to defend the planet from attacking alien forces, and you'll put your skills into play across more than 30 campaigns.",In Echelon: Wind Warriors you will discover the universe of the third millennium. This is a combat simulator involving hovering machines of the future. War is raging between the government forces of the Galactic Federation and squadrons from one of the colonies.,"With the death of Stalin, all those who surrounded him, are now fighting for the supreme power and control over the nation. Lena, our heroine, has found that her husband has been kidnapped and possibly murdered. She has no clue about who did it, but she knows whom to ask.",&amp;quot;The Stalin Subway&amp;quot; is a First Person Shooter-style game where the events take place in post-war Moscow. The game allows to plunge into the depressing atmosphere of the Stalin's period and to play as a Soviet officer.,"Moonlight Minions is an addictive tower-defense experience with a refreshing style. Defend your lands from the invading minion hordes using the arsenal of organic defenses and powerful abilities at your disposal! Originally released for iOS, Moonlight Minions is now available on Steam.","In Super Panda Adventures, you play as the brave panda-knight Fu, who is about to finish his training to become the new guardian of the Princess. At the same day of the big celebration party, some uninvited Robots show up to conquer the planet and take the Princess away in their Space Ships!","Doorways: The Underworld is an immersive horror adventure, featuring a complex story and deep atmosphere.","The Guild 3 is a fascinating trade and life simulation that takes place during the late Middle Ages. Step into the shoes of a citiizen, acquire businesses and mansions, produce goods and trade them, start intrigues in politics and society, love, hate, bribe, fight and live through good and bad times!",SpellForce 3 - The perfect blend between RTS and RPG!SpellForce 3 goes back to the roots of the SpellForce saga and combines the RTS and RPG genre in a unique way - all in real time!Explore the world of Eo and become a true legend.,"Naval Action is a hardcore, realistic, and beautifully detailed naval combat sandbox immersing players into the experience of the most beautiful period of naval history - when sailing ships ruled the seas.",AGEod’s Civil War II The Bloody Road South provides players with a grand set of new historical campaigns in the era of the American Civil War. This expansion uses the latest game patch (1.03) for enhanced gameplay and requires ownership of the original Civil War II game.,"About the Imperator Augustus Campaign PackThe Imperator Augustus Campaign Pack is a new playable campaign for ROME II, which rivals the original ROME II Grand Campaign in both scope and scale. This campaign comes as part of Total War™: ROME II – Emperor Edition and is available as a free, automatic update to existing owners of Total...","Popular open-world driving game features an explorable Free Roam Environment, a thrilling Race Mode and a highly addictive Time-Trial Mode.",The original soundtrack to Pivvot. Includes 5 original energetic songs composed by Pivvot creator Whitaker Trebella.,Trace Vector Original Soundtrack,"Vertical Drop Heroes is a procedural platformer RPG hybrid with roguelike elements, where your hero adventures through randomly generated stages. Armed with a variety of skills and traits, you must use your cunning and reflexes to survive the dangers of each stage.",Get ready for the run of a lifetime. In this endless platformer you play an elemental spirit that has the ability to change form. Spirit Run: Fire vs Ice is inspired by games such as the platformer Canabalt and the classic shoot ‘em up Ikaruga.,Royal Guard Pack is specially designed to help new players start successful characters. It contains all necessary consumables and starter armors for every class (already improved to maximum level so they will not become obsolete too fast).,"Go beyond the edge of the city with the first content pack of Trials Fusion : Riders of the Rustlands! The lack of law and order makes this a dog eat dog world. Expand your adventure with: - 10 new tracks - 18 new Track Challenges - 5 new achievements/trophies - Dozens of new Track Editor objects including wrecked vehicles, warehouses...","Go even higher with the second content pack for Trials Fusion: Empire of the sky! Enhance your experience in the sky with: 9 new tracks including six Classic Trials Tracks, one Supercross Track, one Skill Game and one FMX Track 18 new Challenges including secret features, mini-games, and more 5 new achievements Dozens of new Track Editor...","Introducing Assassin’s Creed® Rogue, the darkest chapter in the Assassin’s Creed franchise yet. As Shay, you will experience the slow transformation from Assassin to Assassin Hunter. Follow your own creed and set off on an extraordinary journey through New York City, the wild river valley, and far away to the icy cold waters of the North...","A brand new game mode for Dino D-Day! Battle hordes of ravenous Nazi dinosaurs in co-op, survival style combat. 10 intense waves culminate with a terrifying encounter with a beast so infamous Allied soldiers simply refer to him as the &amp;quot;Red Baron&amp;quot;.","The Flower Shop: Winter In Fairbrook is a dating and farming simulation game and takes place after the first Flower Shop game, Summer In Fairbrook. Play as Natalie this time, and meet some of the characters of the first game like Clara, Susana, Steve, Trent, Jacob plus a &amp;quot;new entry&amp;quot;: Ryan, who runs the general store of the town.","Enter the Gungeon is a bullet hell dungeon crawler following a band of misfits seeking to shoot, loot, dodge roll and table-flip their way to personal absolution by reaching the legendary Gungeon’s ultimate treasure: the gun that can kill the past.","BloodRealm is an epic collectable card game that mixes strategic depth with accessible battles! Master the 6 Realms of Magic, conquer the world, and kill the Gods. Craft items, collect cards, ascend your Champions, and battle your friends in multiple online tournaments.","Bring civilization to Sproggiwood, a story-driven, turn-based roguelike set in a humorous world inspired by Finnish mythology. Grow your civilization and plunder procedural dungeons with six unique classes. Outsmart mischievous monsters who work together in unexpected ways. No two dungeon dives are alike.",LEGO® Pirates of the Caribbean: The Video Game is an action adventure game that brings the Pirates of the Caribbean world and all its colorful characters to life in LEGO Brick form. Players experience all the memorable scenes from all four films in the humorous and quirky LEGO Video Games style.,"Black Ice is a Hack and Shoot – a Cyberpunk First-Person Shooter / Hack &amp;amp; Slash RPG about hacking. Think Borderlands meets Tron. The cyber-world is huge, the colors are neon, the loot is randomized, and the lasers are loud. Black Ice is currently in Beta, with updates on the way.","RC Mini Racers is a fast paced and explosive racing game with 20+ remote controlled mini cars, lots of missiles and mines, turbos for an extra boost as well as great hard rock music.","Build and manage your own wildlife compound, determine which animals to feature, how to manage the business while ensuring that all the animals are thriving. • Build a giant animal park from scratch and manage it well • Choose a variety of terrains with different climates and environmental sounds • 45 detailed, seamlessly animated and...",Play your cards right and you might escape the zombie apocalypse! Biting humor and fun card-game action await you in Zombie Solitaire.,"Data Hacker: Initiation sets the stage for the Datastream saga; an epic series of tales revolving around the possibility of virtual realms existing beyond our current reach. Once the bridge is crafted, everything will change.",Super Trench Attack™ is a goofball comedy twitch-shooter based in a World War setting.,"Do you love that moment when the engine starts and that rich diesel sound fills the air? Do you get a kick out of moving earth with a variety of high-powered diggers, bulldozers and dump trucks? Do you yearn for the feeling of power that flows through you as the hard steel of the bucket digs into the earth while you remain in keep...","1 on 1 Adventures #15: Cipactli's Maw is designed for a Wizard, level 4-6, powered by Pathfinder Roleplaying Game. The Wizards of the Four Winds have enlisted the PC to find the legendary vault of the great Queen Huehaatl hidden deep in the jungle.","1 on 1 Adventures #16: The Lost City of Bransik is designed for a Rogue, level 6-8, powered by Pathfinder Roleplaying Game. A reclusive mage desires to recover the spellbook of the powerful wizard, Herinack Dersuni. The mage’s library/workshop was in the Lost City of Bransik which was swallowed up in an earthquake centuries ago.",Attempt a daring escape from an ancient planet using your trusty rocket launcher arm and split-second reflexes.,"P-3 Biotic is an intense twin-stick shooter featuring advanced real-time lighting and gorgeous particle effects. Pilot the MK4s nano-ship inside a petri dish against 14 waves of infectious bacteria as they attempt to destroy the Nucleus, a bio-engineered organism growing at the center of the dish.","Fight your way across the celestial world of Avalice where cats are green, motorcycles drive up walls and monster girls do most of the buttkicking! Freedom Planet is a cartoony, combat-based platform adventure that pits a spunky dragonoid and her friends against an alien attack force.","Isomer is an isometric strategy game inspired by classic turn based games from the 90s and many other more recent survival titles. It's open ended, sandbox and each world is procedurally generated leading to an almost unlimited number of different worlds to explore, mine, loot and conquer.",Birds murdered your Pa! His final wishes are for vengeance. Take your Pa's rifle and kill as many birds as you can to avenge his death. Battle a variety of enemies and bosses on your quest to kill the bird that murdered your Pa.,"Bounders and Cads is a turn-based strategy game for players of all ages, including single-player and local multi-player modes. Aunt Edna died leaving a fortune to be claimed. The money will go to the player who can pull the dirtiest tricks and earn the most money.","You play the role of Red Johnson, a private detective who is trying to find his place in the corrupted city of Metropolis. Discover the city, its unique atmosphere and get to know the rules quickly if you want to survive!",Dig in and go down deep in the mine where you may strike it rich in Crazy Machines 2 Jewel Digger Add on! Join the Crazy Professor on his mining caper in gold and jewel laden mines! A whole new set of awesome parts and puzzles await!,"Wild Warfare is a F2P, multiplayer FPS made for players that enjoy fun and/or being a bear. It's a mix of crazy game modes, balanced classes, simple controls and intense matches. Its got vehicle combat, because why not? You can even be a bunny that clubs people with a wrench, lucky you.","Explore the depths below a remote mountain town in this procedurally-generated Adventure Platformer. Taking inspiration from hack 'n slash dungeon crawlers and Metroidvania-style platformers, Chasm will immerse you in a fantasy world full of exciting treasure, deadly enemies, and abundant secrets.","The Fifth Day is a post-apocalyptic survival game set in the time after mankind's extinction to the machines that it created. Your role, as one of these machines, is to survive in the hostile world left behind by man.","Set in a mysterious yet dangerous fantasy world, you have to constantly grow stronger to defeat the powerful monsters on your journey. Magical items will also randomly appear and aid you in your adventure.","At the farthest edge of the explored universe, the research ship Xanadu slumbers in orbit around a mysterious planet. Her systems remain active but there has been no message from her crew for months. Now a lone operative has been sent to wake the Xanadu and bring her home to Earth.","When evil lurks on the horizon, you need the best. You need the strongest. You need SEAL Team 12! As a member of SEAL Team 12, you must battle through massive enemy waves and break the enemies spine with the force of truth, justice and explosions!","The classic board game comes to Steam with asynchronous online play and 100 levels of AI. If you are a chess enthusiast or someone who just likes to play a game now and again, this is what you've been looking for. This is Simply Chess.",The Karp of Doom will take you to the Plains of Karponia!COLLECTOR'S EXTRAS- Collector's Exclusive Karp Hat- Collector's Token in the menu- Karponia Name Color- Exclusive Relic in the Relic...,"Would a hero like you assassinate the president? &amp;quot;Heroes Rise: HeroFall&amp;quot; concludes the epic &amp;quot;Heroes Rise&amp;quot; trilogy of interactive novels where your choices control the story. It's entirely text-based—without graphics or sound effects—and fueled by the vast, unstoppable power of your imagination.","Ensign-1 is a space combat game that gives players the freedom to leave their fighter to board ships, man turrets, and hijack alien fighters.","Sound of the Human Tanks - LO has 13 tracks of new game music from War of the Human Tanks - Limited Operations. Music by DeZI:R, Sampling-Sound.com, Kan (Raspberry), Mai.k and Yuukiyun (Mel maH).","Take Command and Secure Victory in the Great War! Commander – The Great War features a Grand Campaign covering the whole war from the invasion of Belgium on August 5, 1914 to the Armistice on the 11th of November 1918 in addition to 16 different unit types including Infantry, Cavalry, Armoured Cars and Tanks, Artillery, and much more!",Ageod’s To End All Wars is a grand strategy game set during World War One. Players will take control over one of the major powers that so desperately fought for control over Europe and to end all wars.,"In this hex-based, turn-based strategy game, players will lead the Imperial forces of the Armageddon Steel Legion and Space Marines from a variety of Chapters against the Ork invasion through over 30 scenarios, on the hostile terrain of the planet and its gigantic Hive Cities.","With Eclipse of Nashira, new dangers and opportunities enter the world of Pandora. A new faction shows its face, talking of peace and friendship while their spies operate behind enemy lines. Nothing is what it seems anymore, as agents conduct covert warfare of espionage and sabotage, inciting revolts and stealing technologies.","In Frontline: The Longest Day, players command the Allied forces through some of the most famous battles of the war, freeing Europe from the hands of the German Army. The game takes place over five massive, engaging and challenging missions, all inspired by historical missions which took place during operation Overlord: Utah, Omaha,...","Stunning detail of levels, in-depth gameplay, finely tuned balance of all levels and turrets. During the game you will hold your defense with your turrets against the massive hordes of enemies.",Hell is a turn-based tactical skirmish strategy game developed by award winning developer Hunted Cow in partnership with Slitherine.,"Assume the leadership of one of the lands of Sovereignty and guide your people to glory and prosperity. By wisely combining soft and hard power, you can eventually hope to reign over the whole land. However, In this divided and merciless land, holding onto power is likely to prove harder than seizing it!",The Empire of the Machines is threatening the entire universe. The other factions have banded together to defend the galaxy from the invader. Battles are raging in the corridors of the Machines underground production facilities!,Order of Battle: World War II is breath of fresh air for all strategy fans. It is a game that takes wargaming to a new level by upgrading every single game element and rebooting the genre for a new generation of players.,Tackle 16 levels in the solo quest for the Mega Coins in this manic 2D platformer from Big Pixel Studios and Adult Swim Games. Or invite your friends over to rob them of victory -- and their coins -- in four different local multiplayer modes.,"You are a nomadic slugcat, both predator and prey in a broken ecosystem. Grab your spear and brave the industrial wastes, hunting enough food to survive, but be wary— other, bigger creatures have the same plan... and slugcats look delicious.","Enter the futuristic year of 1984, an age where ducks run wild in a frantic battle for glory. Blast your friends with Shotguns, Net Guns, Mind Control Rays, Saxophones, Magnet Guns, and much, much more. This is DUCK GAME. Don't blink.","Adventurer Adol Christin has washed ashore in yet another mysterious, isolated new land, inhabited by a people who sport long ears and bushy tails...and are none too fond of humans. Experience the very first 3D Ys game as never before, with a whole new gameplay mode unique to this release!","Whenever mist hangs over Lake Orwell, sailors catch sight of a phantom castle just out of reach. As they draw near, it fades away, leaving only questions for all who have seen this “Castle Strangerock.” Now, you must aid your charge in uncovering its secrets...even if it costs you your very soul.","Black Ice is a Hack and Shoot – a Cyberpunk First-Person Shooter / Hack &amp;amp; Slash RPG about hacking. Think Borderlands meets Tron. The cyber-world is procedurally generated, the colors are neon, the loot is randomized, and the lasers are loud. Black Ice is currently in Beta, with updates on the way.","Command an army of puppets in this Japanese SRPG as you hunt for a relic said to grant any wish. Livia's village is dying, and all that can help them is an ancient relic situated somewhere within a mystical tower.","“METAL SLUG X”, one of the most highly praised titles in the series among Metal Slug fans for its refined balance and game volume, heads out to the Steam gaming platform!","Take command of HEROCORP™ and launch a Preemptive Defence Campaign™ against parallel dimensions in OTTTD, the most outrageous Tower Defence title around.","With a monster soundtrack, challenging gameplay and an impressive arsenal of weapons - Power-Up is the modern-retro styled Shoot-Em-Up from one-man game studio, Psychotic Psoftware.",Strap into the cockpit of the Cobra – the most powerful tank ever built – and experience first-person VR combat across neon-scarred sci-fi landscapes in an explosive campaign for 1-4 players.,Save Churchill Part 1: In Shadows is the first of three new campaign missions for Sniper Elite 3. Infiltrate the ghostly night time ruins of Siwa in the race to recover intel that could prevent the assassination of the British Prime Minister.,Save Churchill Part 2: Belly of the Beast is the intense second mission of a new three-part campaign for Sniper Elite 3. Battle elite Axis troops and their terrifying new weapons of war across an intricate maze of twisting canyons and the lofty interiors of a secret weapons facility.,Broadsword: Age of Chivalry boasts turn-based strategy gameplay as players move from mission to mission in the Middle Ages.,"Officially licensed version of the “Mensa Select” award-winning board game! The Laser Game Khet 2.0: Mind blowing laser fun for players ages 9-99. Using simple rules that can be learned in minutes players alternate turns moving Egyptian themed mirrored pieces, after which they fire their laser with the goal of blasting their opponents...","Save Churchill Part 3: Confrontation is the explosive conclusion to the Save Churchill campaign for Sniper Elite 3, featuring the largest environment ever seen in the series. Confront Churchill’s would-be assassin in an epic sniper duel and deliver the victory in Africa the Allies so desperately need.","FINAL FANTASY IV makes its debut on PC! Lose yourself in this timeless tale of heroes, betrayal, love and redemption.","Way of the Samurai 4 takes place in the humble port town of Amihama during the mid 19th Century, several years after the arrival of the “black ships” from the West ended Japan’s long history of cultural isolation.","Following the huge successes of the number 1 Steam top selling epic SRPG, Agarest: Generations of War and its prequel Agarest: Generations of War ZERO, Ghostlight are proud to release the massively updated sequel to the series, Agarest: Generations Of War 2!","Originally released in 2005, Fahrenheit (known as Indigo Prophecy in North America) was a breakthrough in interactive narrative.  This newly remastered edition features updated textures in HD, expanded controller support, and is based on the uncut and uncensored international version of the game.",Did you ever wonder how it was like to be on the other side of the fence? In this zoo you can figure it out - take control over the whole area and destroy what kept you in prison for so long.,"Rugby League enters the next-generation with Rugby League Live 3! Featuring an all new Be A Pro career mode and FanHub Player Sharing system, the game is a a must-have for any footy fan!",Rugby League Live 3 - The FanHub BETA is a player and club creator for the full version of the title to be released in 2015.,"After assuming command of one of four human or alien factions vying for galactic dominance, immediately define your game’s scope. Play for minutes to hours across tens to hundreds of planets in single-player skirmish or multiplayer modes—it’s entirely up to you.",My Ex-Boyfriend the Space Tyrant is a traditional point-and-click adventure which stands out for its gay cast and eye-catching visuals.,Graviteam Tactics: Mius-Front - tactical battalion level combat simulation. Action takes place in the summer of 1943 at Mius river and Saur-Mogila tumulus area of over 140 sq. km. Four large-scale operations for the Red Army and Wehrmacht.,"The Expendabros have assembled and set their sights on the forces of ruthless arms dealer Conrad Stonebanks in the forests of Eastern Europe. Battle in a flurry of bullets and non-stop action through ten full-throttle missions set amongst the picturesque tree tops and the absurdly dangerous lumber mills teeming with enemy soldiers,...","Design, build, and manage the world’s largest and most diverse cities in Cities XXL. Bigger and better than ever before with a more powerful game engine and new interface, become the mayor of your very own sprawling metropolis.","Soul Gambler puts YOU in the role of Faust, an ordinary young man living in the present day whose DESTINY is about to be change forever.","Survivor Squad is a Strategy Action game where you control a Squad of up to four survivors and guide them through a highly randomized world looking for supplies to aid you on your journey.Scavenge for supplies in every corner of every building, craft your gear, pick your skills and loadout while keeping your Squad alive by covering every...","Pixel hunter is 3D side-scroller game, designed in Voxel and 8Bit style. The game is about a hunter, whose weapons were stolen by different animals. His only thought is to return them all.",Take the role of a plane crash survivor stranded somewhere in the Pacific Ocean. Come face to face with some of the most life threatening scenarios that will result in a different experience each time you play. Scavenge. Discover. Survive.,"A relentless top-down single-player arcade stealth-shooter where you play as contract killer T.J. Trench, seeking to buy your way out of Metro City, the cyberpunk dystopia where everyone wants you dead.","Welcome to the new generation of Farming Simulator!With a brand new graphics and physics engine, Farming Simulator 15 offers an immense open world, filled with details and visual effects transporting the Farming Simulator franchise to a new era.",Defeat El Presidente with an aerial onslaught!,Thou shalt not kill!,Kill 'em all in 2D and 3D!,Wilson Chronicles lets you return to Black Mesa !,The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing II Soundtrack Created by Gergely Buttinger. Track List: 01. Resistance 02. The Hero and the Ghost Lady 03. The Siege 04. The Siege - Action 05. The Winter Forest 06. Something in the Fog 07. Prisoner Seven 08. Remember Who You Are - Lair Theme 09. Wormwood Chasm 10. Defend the Lair 11.,"Shilovo 1942 is an addon for Graviteam Tactics: Operation Star, which adds new summer area of operations near the Shilovo village (Voronezh front) and 2 new operations for the Red Army and Wehrmacht in July 1942, 13 turns.","Zhalanashkol 1969 is an addon for Graviteam Tactics: Operation Star, which adds new mountain area of operations near the Zhalanashkol lake (now at Kazakhstan/China border) and new operations for the USSR Border Guards and People's Liberation Army (China) in August 1969.","Battleplan: American Civil War introduces you to fastplay wargaming, a new kind of strategy game experience. Take command of either Confederate or Union troops and fight your way through eleven of the American Civil War’s most famous battles.",By using these services you will be able to enhance the travel speed of special units and to achieve even faster science studies for 1 month (30 days).,"With the aid of this set, your heroes will develop even faster and the chance of finding magic items in ruins doubles. Duration - 1 month (30 days).",This set will make it possible to enhance the mining speed of all resources types for 1 month (30 days).,AutoTileSet (DLC)After creating your tiles with AutoTileGen you can easily edit your levels with AutoTileSet. AutoTileSet is an autotile tool that picks the correct image for each tile depending on its neighbours. You only have to worry about whether tiles are solid or not and AutoTileSet will take care of the rest.,You drive a 4x4 monster truck in 4 different races!,Ambient procedural mountain game.,"The Maker's Eden is a first-person hypertext adventure game presented in the style of a motion comic. You play a character trying to discover what their predefined purpose is, in a science fiction/noir inspired world filled with androids, flying cars and an early 20th century vibe.",Unlock the Storm of Urfael which  enables you to use unlimited Combat Finishers.,"A flight-based action game designed to be easy to pick up and enjoy right away, and be playable over short timeframes. Make use of a range of weapons and achieve dangerously high levels of mobility by disabling your Alpha Limiter to spear your way through waves of enemy attacks.",The world really does revolve around you in this mind-bending shooter where changing your perspective could save your life.,A piece of history is back! Discover the busline 24A from Zentrum Kagran (U) to the outskirts of the town in the 22nd district of Vienna in the high-floor bus LU 200. This interesting and demanding route from 2005 has been beautifully reconstructed in great detail using lots of objects.,"OMSI HAMBURG DAY &amp;amp; NIGHT is an add-on for OMSI - The Bus Simulator for PC. Drive your 40ft city bus from the 1990s in multiple versions on the authentic Hamburg bus line 109 and 688. Discover 9.3 miles (15 km) of road with more than 100 minutes driving time while passing famous Hamburg tourist spots such as the city hall, main...","Jump into a Western adventure inspired by the classic JRPGs of yore and and the legendary American Wild West! You and up to three more friends play as Kid, Doc, Moon and Rosy in simultaneous, real-time co-op RPG combat as you take down the notorious Saints-Little Gang!","March into the real-time strategy legend, Blitzkrieg, and prepare for war. This legendary WWII RTS blends unprecedented realism and accuracy to form immersive 3D backgrounds and a game where brute force often takes a back seat to strategy and wits.","Return to the bloody battlefields of World War II in this epic sequel. Blitzkrieg 2 returns you to the gritty realism of WWII battles while pushing your focus into new, strategic opportunities during global war!",A Pathfinder Roleplaying Game compatible patronage project for use with the virtual table top Fantasy Grounds. The adventure is suitable for a party of 8th level characters.,"The Millionth Mile is the first free DLC for Wargame: Red Dragon.Focusing on the Eastern Bloc coalition, it will feature more than 60 new units for Poland, Czechoslovakia &amp;amp; East-Germany, bringing them in the 90’s and on an equal footing with W:RD’s main nations.","Join Bunny and his pals Gunny, Faye, and Ganny on an epic quest to earn enough money to buy himself an Auto-repair unit!Boo Bunny Plague is an action/adventure game featuring a story with wacky musical cinematic scenes. The all original soundtrack has everything from punk rock to opera and feature musicians from Houston Texas.","The Pit of Pyrron pack includes all four color variations of the Pyrron Gargoyle outfit plus some additional goodies. Enter the gates of Pyrron, the realm of the infamous Stone Lord. But are you a friend or a foe to the heroes of the Seven Realms?","The Grand Explorers pack includes all four color variations of the Pyrron Explorer outfit plus some additional goodies. Enter the gates of Pyrron, the realm of the infamous Stone Lord. Clad yourself in appropriate cave exploration gear to be able to probe the depths of Lord Pyrrus sinister underground caverns.","'The Terminal 2' game is a realistic airport management game. Land, park, unload, load, fuel and take off your fleet. The better you play the more planes you get every game-day. Expand your airport with more jetways, runways and terminal buildings. Connect the local transportation to get more passengers to your Terminal complex.",The Solus Project is a single player exploration adventure with survival elements. The adventure is set on a mysterious planet and is the spiritual successor to The Ball - 2010 PC Gamer Action/Adventure Game Of The Year...,"Fulfill your destiny, become the ruler of time, and change the course of history!",“ALEA JACTA EST” (The Die is Cast) is what Caesar said as he crossed the Rubicon River when he learned that the Senate had removed him from his command. Crossing that small Italian river was equivalent to disobeying Rome’s orders and entering into open rebellion in this historical turn-based strategy wargame .,The Caped Crusader joins forces with the super heroes of the DC Comics universe and blasts off to outer space to stop the evil Brainiac from destroying Earth.,This package contains the Artbook and Original Soundtrack of Soul Gambler.,"Conarium is a chilling Lovecraftian game, which follows a gripping story involving four scientists and their endeavor to challenge what we normally consider to be the ‘absolute’ limits of nature. Inspired by H.P. Lovecraft’s novella &amp;quot;At the Mountains of Madness&amp;quot;, but largely set after the original story.","Champion of Aura Pack is specially designed to help new players start successful characters. It contains all necessary consumables, mounts and pets for every taste, starter weapons for every class (already improved to maximum level so they will not become obsolete too fast) and some unique items unobtainable otherwise.","Birth of Rome offers a level of historical accuracy and detail never reached before in a video game. Birth of Rome is a true simulation where players are challenged to create armies and fleets, organize and maneuver them, sustain and reinforce them. All the time taking into account military, economic, political and diplomatic parameters.","10 years after its initial release, Legend of Kay - Anniversary is a thoroughly remastered version of the original game: high-resolution textures; new, more detailed character models; modern rendering techniques and crystal-clear surround sound give this great classic a new shine.","See No Evil is a dark, isometric puzzle game about sound manipulation. A harsh fantasy where the willingly blind are hostile to the nonconformist. Sometimes, the world seems darker with your eyes open.","Forge Pathfinder VIP PackTo Celebrate the release of Teams in Forge we are offering all the Armor you need to intimidate your opponents when playing the Pathfinder including the Sun Armor, the Bivrust Armor, and the infamous Bardajalmor Helm.",Help Mona De Lafitte escape from Baron Shrowdy von Kiefer and return to Paris!,"Would a hero like you assassinate the president? &amp;quot;Heroes Rise: HeroFall&amp;quot; concludes the epic &amp;quot;Heroes Rise&amp;quot; trilogy of interactive novels where your choices control the story. It's entirely text-based—without graphics or sound effects—and fueled by the vast, unstoppable power of your imagination.",Your MeChip will inform you of strategic possibilities and warn you if you're about to make a decision with a high level of risk.,An instruction guide explaining how to earn the maximum Legend score.,Purchase an ad campaign to attack President Victon.,"Exodus is a 2D Platform/Exploration (metroidvania) game for Windows, with oldschool gameplay mechanics, and HD native resolution (1920*1200). Musics are made by Yann Van Der Cruyssen (Saira, Block That Matter).","Proxy Blade Zero is a hardcore action game with technical combat. Play as Fenrir, an advanced battle android, against the armies of King Anima.","Pool Nation FX, is a seriously fun Pool &amp;amp; Snooker Sim! A visually stunning billiards simulation with the critically acclaimed POOL NATION physics engine. Play 8 Ball, 9 Ball, Snooker, Killer &amp;amp; more, unlimited Career modes with customised difficulty levels, Trickshots, Local and Online Multiplayer, spectate live matches and feel...",Boid is real-time strategy at its most primal - your only resource is your army. No funds to manage or infrastructures to build. It’s a kill or be killed battle of rapid decisions to dominate the gene pool.,"Morphopolis is about transformation and discovery. Morphopolis takes you on a puzzle adventure through a fantastical insect world. Starting as an aphid grub, you embark on an epic journey of metamorphosis toward your spawning ground.","As humanity endeavored to better themselves, they created the biological marvel known as Gears. Originally intended as the next step of human evolution, they were instead fitted for war and turned against their own creators.",Spheritis is a 3D race &amp;amp; puzzle game. Explore the single player levels and beat your friends high scores on the Spheritis leader boards. Also included are Steam achievements and Steam Cloud to save your progress in the single player campaign.,Tight controls and a smooth learning curve will have you knocking it out of the park in no time in this awesome arcade baseball simulator. Polygon’s 2014 Sports Game of the Year.,"Frayed Knights: The Skull of S'makh-Daon is a 3D indie computer RPG for Windows featuring turn-based combat, old-school sensibilities, and a story of high adventure and comedy. In a world of jaded heroes and veteran adventurers, you play a team of misfits.","A groundbreaking, uber-popular game upon its arcade debut in 1987, Double Dragon is the undisputed godfather of co-op beat ‘em all!","Take to the skies in the World’s favourite flight simulator! The multi award winning Microsoft Flight Simulator X lands on Steam for the first time. Take off from anywhere in the world, flying some of the world’s most iconic aircraft to any one of 24,000 destinations.","Top-down miniatures, 44 pieces. This is a set of digitally-sculpted Half-Orcs representing the 11 standard fantasy classes: Barbarian, Bard, Cleric, Druid, Fighter, Monk, Paladin, Ranger, Rogue, Sorcerer and Wizard–each one with an alternate weapon set appropriate for that class! That’s 22 figures!",Deathsmiles is CAVE's bullet-hell shoot-'em-up where you take the role of one of five Angels to defend the magical land of Gilverado from an invasion by Hell itself! Eradicate this devilish assault!,"London, 2099. The earth isn't what it used to be anymore. Incredible climate changes have corrupted the weather, causing a permanent rain on most of the Earth's surface. You play the role of Luke Black, a 36-year-old bio-informatic engineer. He is one of the lead programmers at Nanotech, a big nanotechnology research company.","Classic 2D platforming that blends elements of: Nikola Tesla, puzzles, inventions, 1800's-era undead and a sprinkling of the maniacal Thomas Edison. Throw in a dash of randomly generating level sectors, a zesty squeeze of items and a pinch of indie love... Tasty!","Have a blast! Bomb oodles of nasty critters in a series of 30 wicked mazes! Defeat hellish bosses in heroic fights! Play solo or with friends, offline or online, in merciless battles! Embark on a hilarious journey with the witty Dr. Wallow to conquer the galaxy in this explosively fun arcade game!","RODINA is an immersive space exploration game which allows players to seamlessly travel across an entire full-scale, alien-infested solar system. Seamless means your character can travel anywhere - in space, on planets, and in your ship - with no loading screens!","Hire heroes, send them on quests, get loot and make a profit as you expand from nothing into a bustling fantasy kingdom and attempt to win the coveted title of the greatest kingdom in all of the land!","Jet Gunner is a 2D platform action indie game that's full of Nestalgia. Full of action, gunfights, bosses and explosions so if you're into the whole 8-Bit vibe you should love this. From the sound, to the graphics to the flicker, this should pay tribute to those classic hard as nails, run 'n' gun games.","Losing his parents during the holocaust to a mad man of a doctor. You're to play as Grobuskna Vladinov, 20 years after the incident that changed his life dramatically. Grobuskna receives an unknown phone call that'll start a journey that'll twist your mind...",Fight your way through 50 levels full of thrilling action with hordes of challenging enemies and tough bosses! Obludia is an old-school arcade arena action inspired by classics such as Robotron or Smash-TV with RPG elements.,"CubeZ is an action game with destroy the brain to kill mechanics, fully destructible characters, and a high level of customization that gives you the freedom to play with your own style. From tanked out battle axe warriors to SMG ninja assassins, everyone gets to play how they want.","In GamersGoMakers, you found a little company creating the first video games in history. Create your first game with only basic sound and simple graphics available in the year 1980. You´re one of the pioneers entering the rising global market for computer games.",DROD is a unique puzzle-logic game with clever mechanics and an engaging story. It is a turn-based top-down 2-D dungeon puzzler. The game play has amazing depth through emergent behaviors as puzzle elements are combined. There is a simple interface and only a handful of commands to master.,"The next step in the evolution of chess tuned for more viable options, strategic interest, and years and years of expert play.","ARITANA is a platform game which the main aspect of its mechanics is the possibility of changing your stance. This stances define attributes such Speed, Jump Force, Attacks and Special Abilities. The player must choose between these stances to overcome obstacles and fight the Spirits of the Forest in a quick, intuitive and fun gameplay...","boxlife is a tiny first person metroidvania, where you gain abilities, find secrets and escape from the box","Lantern Forge is a sandbox survival game with building, crafting, and RPG elements. Mine and forage for resources to build a home, plant crops, and craft weapons and armor. Then venture out to explore the wilderness, find hidden dungeons and temples, fight unique monsters, and collect the treasures they guard.",Super Trench Attack™ is a goofball comedy twitch-shooter based in a World War setting.,"With this downloadable content (DLC) you will receive three background stories (mini-quests) called &amp;quot;The Smugglers Guild&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Solomon´s Treasure&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;Thirst for Vengeance&amp;quot; for the game &amp;quot;Smugglers 5: Secession&amp;quot;.","Rampage Knights is a cooperative beat 'em up game mixed up with randomized dungeon crawling and exploration, which you can play alone or with a friend online.","TGW 1918 is a WW1 modification for Company of Heroes, focusing on the last year of the First World War. Currently it features the British Expeditionary Force and the German Empire as opposing factions; however new nations will be brought over time, such as France and Austria-Hungary.",Saviors brings the best bullet hell experience you can find on Steam. Play through 18 challenging stages in this ultimate test of tactics and reflexes.,"Get ready for some crazy battles with your friends in the colorful arenas of Jamsouls! In the hope of bringing back the golden era of multiplayer classics, Jamsouls focuses on fast-paced and manic fun with simple and accessible gameplay.","A Broken Land, shattered by the Wizards of old, the Fragments of the Old World are adrift in the Void. You must visit and restore each Fragment of the Void, only then can the World be rebuilt. However you are trapped in a crystal body, unable to act alone. Heroes of a Broken Land is a turn-based, dungeon crawling, town management RPG.","Exodus is a 2D Platform/Exploration (metroidvania) game for Windows, with oldschool gameplay mechanics, and HD native resolution (1920*1200). Musics are made by Yann Van Der Cruyssen (Saira, Block That Matter).","Pixeluvo is a beautifully designed image and photo editor for PC and Linux. It contains a wide range of advanced features including non-destructive editing via adjustment layers, full support for raw image formats, powerful color correction tools, realistic pressure-sensitive drawing tools and many image enhancement filters.","In the dark times of the Medieval a baleful society of the Cult and its adherers strived to seize the rule over the city, control its inhabitants and destroy all sources of knowledge and culture. Help Marla uncover the secret conspiracy, release her kidnapped brother and save the city!","Euro Fishing immerses you deep into the adrenaline-packed action, fun and beauty of Europe’s most famous lakes. Master your rod, line and tactics, and refine your technique to become a top angler. This is the closest you can get to real fishing from the comfort of your own couch.","You are stranded on an island, The plane you came with have crashed, and you are alive. To survive on the island you'll have to find food, water and shelter. It's up to you. Do you have the knowledge to know what you can eat or not? Are you faster alone but maybe stronger as a team? Decide how you want to play the game.",Welcome to Paperland! Paper Monsters Recut mixes classic 2D platformer gameplay with gorgeous 3D graphics and brings it to life in a brand new title for PC.,"In a world where Viking mythology collides with magic, explore the world of KYN in a fast paced role playing strategy game that combines party based combat with exploration and progression.","Explore, blast, and shield your way through massive branching levels as Laika the space dog. This 2D adventure features customized gameplay and an incredibly deep narrative.","A thrilling combination of violence, extreme gore, amazing graphics, simple controls, fun and humor. When you find yourself trapped in a mysterious house being overrun by the dead you do what anyone would. Slaughter them, collect their organs, build some guns and kill some bosses.","Blending galaxy conquering with quick and easy gameplay. Pick one of five races and set out to expand your one world into a vast empire. Research new techs, build colony ships, and begin to spread out, but be careful you aren't the only race on the rise.","Built from scratch, enjoy breathtaking visuals, enhanced audio and improved, deeper gameplay as New 'n' Tasty reignites the original Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee using the latest next-generation technology.","This is the award winning soundtrack for Crypt of the NecroDancer, created by Danny Baranowsky!","Mighty No. 9 is a 2D Side-scrolling Action game that takes the best elements from 8 and 16-bit classics that you know and love and transforms them with modern tech, fresh mechanics, and fan input into something fresh and amazing!","WorldCreator is a professional stand-alone terrain creation tool used to create most realistic terrain data for 3D environments used in games, movies and artworks. It empowers the user with the most advanced procedural techniques available nowadays.","Direct Hit: Missile War offers a deep strategic experience to those weary of the never ending stream of Command and Conquer clones that dominate the real-time strategy market. Direct Hit brings many fresh ideas to the table, in particular: separate player maps, and the replacement of classic RTS units by customizable missiles.",Pe-2: Diving bomber combines arcade scroller genre and fly-simulator in a universe of World War II. Each mission in game has real historical background for every month of the war.,"Can you save Silence, the grim, but also serene world between life and death? Can you help Noah find his little sister Renie in this suffering world? Can you bring her home? Explore Silence and join the siblings on their adventurous journey.","A kleptomaniac, a sociopath and a horrible friend. Randal is potentially one of the most scurrile protagonists since the invention of the hoverboard. Randal's Monday is a crazy space-time odyssey in classic adventure design, spiced up with countless geek culture references of the last 30 years.","Blackguards 2 is a turn-based strategy-RPG and will deliver challenging hexfield battles and a gritty story filled with violence and crime. - Includes bonus content: Soundtrack, digital Art Book and Strategy Guide Book!","Inspired by the classic Atari hit of the same name, the new Haunted House: Cryptic Graves™ is a terrifying, first-person, adventure-horror game filled with cryptic puzzles, supernatural entities and paranormal activity.","Fright or be frightened in Spectre, a haunted new multiplayer horror game with full VR integration. Now with Oculus CV1 Support!",Age of Conquest is a Risk-like turn-based grand strategy wargame.,"Real-Time Strategy/Wargame. From World War II through the Cold War and into the future, re-live or re-imagine the tensions and crises of our recent history! Guide your nation through the era of your choice in Campaigns, Scenarios, and Sandboxes, as you make every effort to become Supreme Ruler!",NOTE: THE MAIN GAME X-PLANE 10 IS NOT AVAILABLE ANYMORE! PLEASE ONLY PURCHASE DLCS WHEN YOU ARE OWNER OF X-PLANE 10! Fly to Airport Amsterdam Schiphol in X-Plane! For the very first time this airport scenery is available in a breathtaking quality with loads of features.,Your favourite chemistry potions puzzler is back in Bloop Reloaded and ready to test the brain cells like never before. Make sure you save as much of the potions as possible. How you do it is up to you!,Blob From Space is a 2d side scroller game. Difficulty will change when progressing. Try to survive many challenges with only 3 continues! Let the rage begin!,"Redefining Strategy in RTS with Foresight.Win epic battles with wits, not dexterity. Foresight automates typical logistic chores for you reasonably so that you can focus on the battle instead. Create your armada and destroy your enemies with strategy!","From the folks behind the BIT.TRIP series comes the frantic insanity that is WOAH DAVE! Help our hero, Dave Lonuts, survive an insane alien invasion and line his pockets with shiny pennies. Hurl alien eggs, skull bombs, and explosive WOAH blocks to stay alive and sky rocket yourself to high score fame and fortune.",Early Access Exclusive Gear Pack,"CO-OP is a 2.5D puzzle-platformer. You control two robots; R3D, who can absorb all the light sources around him, and BLU3, who converts that energy into an explosive power. They find themselves in what seems like a recycling facility, with drones analyzing their every move...",This pack contains the following; • Scythe Outfit • Bowerstone Guard Outfit • Knothole Glade Guard Outfit • Graduate Outfit • Prophets Outfit • N.W.A. Staff • The Headbanger Weapon • Apollo's Ranger Outfit &amp;amp; Weapon • Peirates Outfit &amp;amp; Weapon • Snowspire Guard Outfit &amp;amp; The Jackarse Weapon • Sword of Strategia Golden...,"This additional content pack contains 11 full outfits, 14 weapons and the Lion's Head Helmet.",Octodad Free Avatar for FaceRig. Requires the base application FaceRig on Steam in order to run.,"FaceRig Pro DLC allows for the generated content to be monetized online (with some limitations - please read the full description for details, especially if you want to license it as a business or to use it for profit) when using FaceRig, the program that enables anyone with a webcam to digitally embody awesome characters.",liteCam Android allows you to record the screen of non-rooted Android devices. It works on Android 4.1 or higher version. There is no limit on recording duration. Audio recording is available via your computer microphone. Check it out Today on how to Record your Android Screen without Rooting.,Hope has a new name – Space Hack,"Skilltree Saga is the first Rogue-like RPG set in Aventuria - the world of The Dark Eye. Choose to play as human, elf or dwarf and battle randomly generated opponents in over 100 stages, developing a set of magical, enhanceable skills.","All Guns On Deck is a naval strategy, real time tactics action rpg with a unique battle system and unforgiving world to conquer.","A 2.5D action-packed side-scrolling game, takes players on a thrilling sci-fi adventure! Take control of combat specialist Ares, or the new playable character, Tarus, to battle deadly machines with a variety of powerful weapons and armor. Your goal: Save Minos Space Station’s survivors and uncover the nefarious Zytron’s extinction agenda!","The Crew™ Raid Car Pack contains three exclusive cars including the Cadillac Escalade, Volkswagen Touareg NF, and McLaren F1, designed for off-road racing adventure. In addition, a Raid Live Update includes a series of free off-road missions, tuning specs, and customizations so you can take these powerful beasts for a ride where they can...","This pack includes 3 new cars: Saleen S7 Twin-Turbo, Mercedes-Benz C 63 AMG Coupé Black Series, Alfa Romeo 4C, official liveries and a set of exclusive cosmetic parts. In-game player level requirements apply to equip car tuning kits.","Polarity takes it to the next level, demanding all of your wits and reflexes. Full-featured local co-op campaign.","TRON: Evolution is an immersive 3rd person action game that pulls players onto the digital grid of TRON. Explore TRON's cities using free running mobility, navigate among unique rebel factions, and fight an epic battle against a dictator's seemingly unstoppable army as the powerful System Monitor.",2D puzzle platforming adventure with a heavy story about life and psychology told without words.,"Crash land on an hostile planet where you'll have to build the strongest defenses if you wish to live to escape from it. But be warned... this planet is merciless. Build strong, and smart; else physics may flood or destroy your only hopes of survival.",A fast paced die-a-lot platformer,"The SciFi Interior Construction Kit provides all the props and textures you need to create your own spooky sci-fi game environments. All content is ready to use with Leadwerks Game Engine, with no tweaking or adjusting required.","Zigfrak is a space-based action RPG, featuring missions, exploration, and crafting. With an emphasis on loot and over-the-top items, it's not a traditional space sim. Enemy ships explode like loot piñatas, spewing forth useful pickups.","Enjoy the sounds of yesteryear with the complete soundtrack to Super Win the Game! Contains all eighteen blippy, bloopy tunes heard in the game!","THE JOYLANCER: LEGENDARY MOTOR KNIGHT is a new breed of action game, combining ultra-technical action with a simple control scheme and an artstyle inspired by portable games of old! Wield the divine power of the Motor Knights and save the world!","Run your own taxi cab company by hiring drivers, upgrading vehicles and getting behind the wheel to complete fares. Some passengers will even encourage you to break traffic laws to get to their destination quickly, but try to avoid the watchful eye of the police.","Rise of Flight: Intrepid Flyers content pack includes five planes complete with their field and weapon modifications: Hanriot HD.1, Hanriot HD.2, Sopwith Strutter 1 ½, Sopwith Strutter B (Type 9700) and F.E.2b.",Flex your racing skills with some of the most famous cars in history!,"Spud's Quest is an adventure game for Windows that draws its inspiration from the classic games of yesteryear, most notably the Dizzy, Zelda, and Metroid series. Take on the role of Spud and his friend Prince Charming on a journey to uncover four ancient elemental essences that have the power to remove a curse upon the royal family.","Welcome to...the fifth issue of Adventure Quarterly, and 2014!Three adventures compatible with the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game for play within the Fantasy Grounds virtual tabletop.","A zen-paced arcade game dazzling with phosphorescent beauty, Deep Under the Sky lets you experience life as a strange jellyfish on a remarkable world. Learn to fly through the skies of the psychedelic dark side of Venus. Explore, uncover its secrets, and flourish.","Massive Update just released (Jan 2016)! Trainz: A New Era has just received a massive update - after more than six months development, and many thousands of hours Beta Testing by our core Trainz community, the new &amp;quot;Service Pack 1&amp;quot; update delivers improved performance and stability and plenty of bug fixes and enhancements...",Raiden III Digital Edition is a revival of the classic Raiden series of scrolling shooter games.,"Spellcrafter is an RPG game with deep tactical turn-based combat and a unique spell casting system. Explore the magical world, collect gold, interact with NPCs, take quests and make moral choices! Recruit heroes, assemble and summon powerful troops and send them into battle!","Join the fight against Ronan the Accuser on this frantic pinball table based on the blockbuster film, Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy.","&amp;quot;The Reaping Stone&amp;quot; is converted for play on Fantasy Grounds based on a deluxe 200 page adventure that will take your characters down a dark path, from 1st level to at least 5th level, as prequel for the upcoming Bleeding Hollow deluxe adventure.","Race 18 of Ford and Land Rover’s toughest off road trucks, 4X4’s and SUV’s through lush environments, stunning scenery and extreme terrain.","A tale of the planet's final love story told using the full force of minori's critically acclaimed illustrative style, engaging musical compositions, and the highly talented staff that has led fans coming back for more every single time!",If Quake 3 Arena and Alien Breed had a baby ... it would be named Daedalus - No Escape.,"Catacomb Kids is a brutal platformer roguelike that pits you against the deadly Catacombs aided only by magic, steel, and your quick reflexes. Traverse procedurally generated dungeons and hack, slash, burn, and blast your way through hordes of things that want to kill you.","You are Sarah, princess of the peaceful realm of Kaleiya. The quiet life of your kingdom was lost the day your father was seduced and then kidnapped by Lilith, a demon mistress. Travel through ice castles, cold dungeons, lava caves and much more! Bring your father and king back home!","Celestian Tales: Old North is a refreshing take on the classic turn-based Japanese style RPG. Scrapping away the cliché of a destined person or a boy/girl-saving-the-world, the story is tailored for a mature audience and questions the bare morals of a human being.",Here it is! Boo Bunny Plague Deluxe edition with additional content! This DLC contains the original video game soundtrack with 31 tracks and an 8 page digital comic book produced by DC comics featuring the writing talents of Tim Seeley and art by Jon Sommariva!,"Stonerid is a challenging 2D platformer, which the most important feature are two parallel, different worlds. Over 30 different levels to complete, unconventional game style and lots of dangerous traps and monsters make it extremely difficult to rise to the challenge.","You play a young beardless dwarf who dreams about adventures and heroic deeds. Usually dwarves have beards, but for some mystical reasons beard of our hero is not grows. So he decide to make a journey with his friend the bat to solve this problem. During the game you control a group of units each with its own specialties and features.","Best Indie PC Game, Digital Dragons 2014. Top Hat is a 2D action adventure platformer, just like old NES games. If you are tired of “games” in which you get hit by heavy machine gun and grenades, and all you need to do is cover behind the wall to replenish HP, then Top Hat is a perfect game for you!","The original Plague Inc: Evolved soundtrack, featuring all of the tracks from Plague Inc: Evolved as well as the music from the original Plague Inc. game - including the haunting main theme, the paranoid notes of Neurax worm mind control and the aggressive style of the zombie-producing Necroa virus (plus a surprise bonus track!).","With the Rulers of Nations modding too, create your own geopolitical scenarios and share them with other players !","MORE CARDS. MORE STRATEGY. BIGGER STORY. Collect 1,300+ earnable cards, battle in 60+ single-player campaign missions, and emerge victorious in epic online duels.",Hangeki is an arcade style shooter that emphasizes the use of over 50 spectacular weapon. Formulate new strategies and take on the alien invasion in this reimagining of the classic shoot em up.,"Prepare to journey down the rabbit hole and into a land beyond your wildest imaginings. In Alice in Wonderland, the world of the dazzling Tim Burton film bursts onto your screen, filled with all the whimsical, fantastical adventure of the movie and the classic book that inspired it.",liteCam Android allows you to record the screen of non-rooted Android devices. It works on Android 4.1 or higher version. There is no limit on recording duration. Audio recording is available via your computer microphone. Check it out Today on how to Record your Android Screen without Rooting.,"RODINA is an immersive space exploration game which allows players to seamlessly travel across an entire full-scale, alien-infested solar system. Seamless means your character can travel anywhere - in space, on planets, and in your ship - with no loading screens!","This pack contains additional costumes for the Kushina, Nagato, Konan, and Pain.","The Game of The Saeculum Edition DLC for POP: Methodology experiment one gives you additional modes that change how the game operates in interesting ways and a developer commentary by Rob Lach, the developer behind the game.","Parcel is an atmospheric block-pushing puzzle game where your goal is to solve interlocking laser puzzles by using the unique abilities of different characters. Switch between members of your team of postpeople and make your way through mind benders in a charming, ridiculous cyberpunk future!","You play a young beardless dwarf who dreams about adventures and heroic deeds. Usually dwarves have beards, but for some mystical reasons beard of our hero is not grows. So he decide to make a journey with his friend the bat to solve this problem. During the game you control a group of units each with its own specialties and features.","ARITANA is a platform game which the main aspect of its mechanics is the possibility of changing your stance. This stances define attributes such Speed, Jump Force, Attacks and Special Abilities. The player must choose between these stances to overcome obstacles and fight the Spirits of the Forest in a quick, intuitive and fun gameplay...",The world’s first MOSA (Multiplayer Online Sports Arena) is now available on Steam Early Access!,The biggest support pack yet ! And the best value ! Up to 50% discount !!,YOU are Titan City's resident superhero in this interactive graphic novel! Fight crime and solve clues to discover FEAR's fiendish plot!,"When a mysterious and beautiful woman rushes into George Stobbart’s office, pleading for help, he cannot know that he will be inextricably drawn into terrifying conspiracy, and a desperate search for a nefarious artifact of great and terrible power. For George, it looks like the world needs saving. Again.",From the creator of Rock Band™ and Amplitude™ comes a fresh new approach to the traditional shoot 'em up! All the action is driven by an entrancing soundtrack- no beatmatching required. The Idol System introduces a tactical layer on top of proven shmup gameplay allowing for a range of play styles.,"Face the hard work of real lumberjacks as you control and operate various small and large machinery at your disposal. From huge Feller Buncher and Harvesters that debranch and cut up the trunks, to tractors, cranes, trucks and trailers for the transportation of the chopped logs.","For the first time, suit up in an off-the-wall multiplayer adventure where iconic Disney characters and legendary Disney worlds collide. Discover the mixed-up humor of this ever-expanding universe as you team up with friends to overcome challenges and defeat enemies.",NOTE: THE MAIN GAME X-PLANE 10 IS NOT AVAILABLE ANYMORE! PLEASE ONLY PURCHASE DLCS WHEN YOU ARE OWNER OF X-PLANE 10!Our first American airport features in a long row of airports for X-Plane. Anchorage Ted Stevens International (PANC) is the most significant airport in Alaska and destination for many national and international air...,The Airport Dusseldorf by the German Airports team is now available. Germany´s third ranking international Airport with two parallel runways is the largest and primary airport for the Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan region - the largest metropolitan region in Germany.,"Cars Toon: Mater's Tall Tales is inspired by Disney/Pixar's wildly popular animated shorts of the same name. Cars Toon: Mater's Tall Tales is part of the Mania! video game franchise, featuring fast-paced, multiplayer, family fun.",Rodina Soundtrack by John Robert Matz! 20 tracks + bonus track. Over 1 hour of music. Will download to your Steam Game directory in both MP3 and ALAC formats.,"Wave of Darkness invites you to a huge dark and gritty fantasy world which can be explored the way you want and whenever you want. The world of Narr is corrupted by the mysterious and bloodthirsty cults, and you will have to do your best to free land from this malicious deviance.","sZone Online is open world MMORPG and a post-apocalyptic shooter. Be a scientist, a soldier, a hunter or an engineer. Explore anomalous territories, search for artifacts, fight mutants and other players. Participate in mass PvP and PvE battles. The Zone is waiting!",Welcome to the Curse of the Werewolves - a hidden object adventure game with blood-chilling visuals and an enthralling storyline.,"Battle of Empires :1914-1918 is a story driven RTS, that re-lives some of the bloodiest battles of “The Great War”. The missions include some of the most fearsome weaponary employed of the period. Sabotage, stealth, trench warfare, gas attacks, artillery and mobile infantry - BoE has it all!","A total of 9 costumes, including designs from &amp;quot;Romance of the Three Kingdoms 12&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS,&amp;quot; will becomes available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT. In addition, you can obtain a new weapon &amp;quot;Thunderpeal Blade&amp;quot;.","A total of 10 costumes, including &amp;quot;Mandarin Gowns&amp;quot; and other special costumes, will become available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT. This set features costumes for the following: Guan Yingping, Bao Sanniang, Sun Shangxiang, Diaochan, Xingcai, Zhao Yun, Wang Yuanji, Xu Shu, Xiaoqiao, Lu Lingqi.",The &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 3&amp;quot; costumes for all 39 playable characters who appeared in that title will become available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT.,The &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 4&amp;quot; costumes for all 46 playable characters who appeared in that title will become available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT.,The &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 5&amp;quot; costumes for all 46 playable characters who appeared in that title will become available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT.,The &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 6&amp;quot; costumes for all 46 playable characters who appeared in that title will become available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT.,12 additional stages will be added to FREE MODE in which new powerful versions of all 77 weapon types will be available to acquire.,12 additional stages will be added to FREE MODE in which new unique versions of all 77 weapon types will be available to acquire.,"New camp themes &amp;quot;Amusement Park&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Military&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Sci-Fi&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Tropical&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;Retro&amp;quot; will be added, which can be selected under SET CAMP THEME in Ambition Mode.","Invite a friend to explore the strange, yet beautiful world of darkness and light in Shadow Puppeteer, an award-winning, local co-op adventure.","A Pathfinder compatible adventure for beginner players and game masters, 4 PCs of levels 1-2.The first chapter of a series of seasonally thematic modules that can be run to completion in 3-6 hours.Prepare to be schooled!Exallizar Preparatory Academy is a place that, for generations, has trained the best and brightest heroes in the land.","A Pathfinder compatible adventure for beginner players and game masters, 4 PCs of levels 2. Part of a series of seasonally thematic modules, this adventure can be run to completion in 3-6 hours.",The Premium activates extended services package for the most effective account management. Duration time - 1 year (366 days).,The present add-on increase the mining speed of all resource types for 6 months (180 days),Enhance the travel speed of special units and achieve even faster science studies with the add-on &amp;quot;Swift Rise&amp;quot;! Duration time - 6 months (180 days).,This expansion pack will make your hero develop even faster and double the chance of finding magic items in ruins!,This add-on provides you with the &amp;quot;Nomad&amp;quot; artifact set which will considerably strengthen your army and ensure an array of economic bonuses.,The present add-on will provide you with everything you need to fully equip your hero with artifacts from the Elf Ranger set and therefore to strengthen your army substantially and to receive an array of economic bonuses.,This expansion pack activates the Premium for your account for 6 months (183 days).,"Get pumped with the official soundtrack of GalaxyTrail's Freedom Planet! Conceptualized by Strife and digitally mixed and mastered by Woofle, this collection features every song in the game at 320kbps CD quality.","You will receive the following additional items: - Exclusive avatar clothing (1 gold hat, leather top,leather trousers/skirt and fancy boots) - Exclusive humming bird - Exclusive clubs (1 putter and chipper) - 3 exclusive gold surfaces in the Course Creator - Exclusive gold metal in Course Creator - 2 gold statues in Course Creator",QP Shooting - Dangerous!! is a bullet hell type shoot’em’up starring the pudding-loving dog girl QP seen in 100% Orange Juice. Nothing can stand between QP and her pudding - not even difficulty options to reduce the experienced gamer to tears!,An adorable puzzle game about being a monster and making snowmen.,Customize your own &amp;quot;Space Galaxy&amp;quot; in video game development for computer or mobile devices.,Customize your own &amp;quot;Pixel RPG Characters&amp;quot; in video game development for computer or mobile devices.,"The Maker's Eden is a first-person hypertext adventure game presented in the style of a motion comic. You play a character trying to discover what their predefined purpose is, in a science fiction/noir inspired world filled with androids, flying cars and an early 20th century vibe.","Classic Monsters for use with Fantasy Grounds and the Castles &amp;amp; Crusades RulesetMonsters abound. They litter the halls of our collective games like so much debris; wandering monsters, laired beasts, plane walkers, horrid thoughts that linger upon the edge of our imagination.","A Supplement for Fantasy Grounds and the Castles &amp;amp; Crusades RulesetJames M. Ward returns to a subject he knows very well, delivering a plethora of information on hosts of gods, godlings, heroes and the magic that drives them. In Of Gods and Monsters, Mr.",Toast Time is a throwback to the golden age of video games where old-school homebrew titles fused arcade action with a distinctly British sense of humour.,,,"Black Ice - Level One, by V-Axys features more than 30 minutes of music created exclusively for the game. This includes both MP3 (320kbps) and FLAC (lossless!) versions of all files. Files will be placed in your Black Ice folder in the Steam Directory: ...","Step into the Manager's Shoes with Front Page Sports Football! Recruit, train, and coach your players to victory. Delve into the opposition's strategy with replays and stats, create a customized gameplan from thousands of plays, and push your players' skills to new limits.",Guns and Robots - Starter Pack is ideal for new robot-fighters who are looking to get a quick start in the action.,"In time for the 10th anniversary since its original release in Japan, planetarian is an engaging and emotional visual novel from legendary game studio, Key. A sub-brand of VisualArts, Key are also famed for creating Kanon, AIR, CLANNAD, Little Busters!, Rewrite, and Angel Beats!",A challenging RPG platformer adventure all from the imagination and creativity of kids!,"The world’s most-loved puzzle game is now available on PC, and is better than ever in Tetris® Ultimate. With six exciting modes, fun new features, and unique visuals, the evolution of this iconic game is the ultimate must-have on PC.","One of the most acclaimed adventure games of all time is now back, better than ever. Grim Fandango Remastered has the all the beautiful art and engaging story fans remember, but has also been remastered to look, sound, and control even better than the award-winning original release.","Shadowcrypt is a challenging arcade game of tactical sword &amp;amp; shield combat. Quick reflexes, timing, and keen observation of enemies are key to survive the deadly catacomb!",Eight new music tracks will be added that can be selected before battle or in the Sound Test.,"87 new wallpapers will be added, which can be viewed in the GALLERY and set to display on the loading screen. Included are wallpapers featuring female officers affiliated to each kingdom, recreations of memorable scenes, and character art for each playable character in DYNASTY WARRIORS 8.","Sprite Lamp is a tool for combining the visual styles possible with 2D art, such as painted or pixel-art looks, with dynamic lighting found in modern games.","Sacred Tears TRUE brings both traditional JRPG elements and fresh and unique features such as a deceptively simple but deep card battle system, redistributable skill points, and graphics by Takashi KONNO, and music by Hiroyuki Ojima and Shimotsuki Haruka.","Sacred Tears TRUE brings both traditional JRPG elements and fresh and unique features such as a deceptively simple but deep card battle system, redistributable skill points, and graphics by Takashi KONNO (Shichinin no Bukiya) and music by Hiroyuki Ojima (Accel World, When They Cry anime) and Shimotsuki Haruka (Atelier Iris, Ace Attorney O",19 officers will be able to wear fantasy costumes by selecting CHANGE OUTFIT. Enjoy a breath of fresh air in your favorite stages with these unique costumes.,"Original costumes for all 65 playable characters from &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 7&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 7: Xtreme Legends&amp;quot; will become available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT. Enjoy a breath of fresh air in your favorite stages with these unique costumes that consist of uniforms, suits, and more.",Original costume 2 for all 65 playable characters from &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 7&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 7: Xtreme Legends&amp;quot; will become available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT. Enjoy a breath of fresh air in your favorite stages with these unique costumes.,Original costumes for all 77 playable characters from &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 8&amp;quot; will become available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT. Enjoy new and unique costumes that give a fresh look to every battlefield!,"Six new versions (a powerful version and an unique version) of the new weapon types, Flame Blade, Revolving Crossbow, Sabatons, Emei Piercers, Bladebow, and Paired Fans, will be made available.","The following 3 new weapon types will be added: Stele, Mandarin Duck Hooks, and Dragon Column.","In FREE MODE, 8 battlefields from previous DYNASTY WARRIORS games are recreated for a total of 24 additional stages. In addition, unique animals such as Mammoth and Polar Bear can be obtained in the &amp;quot;Animal Battle&amp;quot; for each battlefield.","30 stages will be added to FREE MODE. Additionally, a total of 10 new camp symbols based on themes such as the &amp;quot;Five Generals&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;Two Qiaos&amp;quot; will be added to Ambition Mode.","This download enables the option to change the costumes of allied and enemy forces in FREE MODE. The costumes comprise of 5 unique varieties which include uniforms, suits, and armor. Enjoy playing with your favorite characters in a variety of costume styles on the battlefield.",,"The film noir stealth game. Calvino Noir is the exploratory, sneaking adventure through the 1930s European criminal underworld. Architecture meets Noir as you become unwillingly entangled in a revolutionist plot.","NOTE THIS IS THE DEMO VERSION: To buy the full version of this game, go here: http://store.steampowered.com/app/314250/Jet Gunner is a 2D platform action indie game that's full of Nestalgia. Full of action, gunfights, bosses and explosions so if you're into the whole 8-Bit vibe you should love this.","Many in Maj'Eyal have heard of &amp;quot;demons&amp;quot;, sadistic creatures who appear seemingly from nowhere, leaving a trail of suffering and destruction whereever they go. Their Fearscape floats far above the skies, watching and waiting, but not idly; their agents scout the land, their legions build up their forces, and their scholars...","Inspired by classic Kung Fu films, this passion fueled fighter provides fun 1 vs. 1 gameplay for gamers of all skill levels. Take on the role of one of 14 martial arts stunt masters as you fight to show your style cannot be beat. Fight it out in the Single Player Arcade Mode or Local Two Player VS. Matches.",Try to get out alive in this epic game of War and Destruction!,"Like previous DCS World titles, DCS: Bf 109 K-4 Kurfürst features a painstakingly reproduced model of the aircraft, including the external model, fully interactive cockpit, mechanical systems, and a Professional Flight Model (PFM).",The Black Shark: Republic campaign is a hand-crafted campaign that tells the story of you as a Black Shark attack helicopter pilot. The campaign is non-linear and has story arcs that branch based on your mission results.,"Hawk focuses on the world-famous BAE Hawk T.1A trainer used in multiple countries and air forces around the world and more famously known to be used by the Royal Air Force Red Arrows aerobatic team.Developed by VEAO with help from seasoned Hawk pilots and engineers, the team have raised the bar with accurate 3D Cockpit and high fidelity...","“Su-27 - The Ultimate Argument” is the storyline campaign for a Russian Air Force pilot flying the Su-27 fighter aircraft in the Digital Combat Simulator. The campaign is based on a fictional Caucasus conflict scenario, into which border states of the region got involved.","The MiG-21bis is a delta wing, supersonic, fighter-interceptor jet aircraft. Much like the AK-47 became the everymans' rifle, the MiG-21 has been operated by more than 40 countries worldwide, and has enjoyed the longest production run of any modern jet fighter to date.","The L-39 Albatros is a low-wing, high-performance jet aircraft that doubles as a trainer and light attack aircraft.","Developed in the years immediately following World War II, the MiG-15bis was a first-generation jet fighter designed by the Mikoyan-Gurevich design bureau of the Soviet Union. The MiG-15bis is a single engine, swept-wing jet that saw over 15,000 copies produced.","The Waste Land, a &amp;quot;metroidvania&amp;quot; style side-scroller inspired by T.S. Eliot’s poem of the same name, puts players in the role of a fallen king who must find his way to right the wrongs caused by his own failings.",Hours of fun and games with a superhero twist!,Help Fatty Bear and His Friends Cook Up A Birthday You'll Never Forget!,"Hailed as the original FPS-RPG game that spawned countless imitators, Strife: Veteran Edition is a love letter to the classic from 1996.","Be the first to change gravity and solve hard deadly puzzles in Attractio! Control the 3 contestants: Dalek, Mia and Keir, who compete to win the controversial reality show. You will need dexterity and cleverness to pass throughout the challenging levels. Are you up for the challenge?","Motorsport Revolution is a single-player, physics-based racing game inspired by classic arcade racing games, as well as the popular Le Mans Series, which is considered the most challenging sport racing class in the world.","Developed over five years by industry veterans (Metal Gear Solid, Halo, F.E.A.R.) and fully realized in Unity 5, Republique is a thrilling and topical stealth-action game that explores the perils of government surveillance in the Internet Age.","Uncharted Waters Online is a vast historical sandbox MMORPG set in the Age of Sail, lasting from the 16th to mid-19th century. In this world, you are a captain commanding great ships. Explore the ancient wonders, trade from Europe to East Asia, and engage in epic naval battles. Make history!","From the game-changing Nomad Planets to the mysterious Exodian Blade, &amp;quot;Destroyer of Worlds&amp;quot; brings a new level of devastation to the epic AI War universe. Dare you use weapons that threaten the structure of the galaxy itself?","Runers is a top-down rogue-like dungeon shooter where you explore a vast underground labyrinth and face fierce monsters and bosses. As the game advances further into the dungeon, you will gather Runes, which will be used to combine into 285 unique spells. Discovering new spells will unlock their entries in your Runedex; unlock them all!","Airscape is a fast-paced, ultra-challenging 60 level action platformer. You play a deep-sea octopus, kidnapped by a mechanical alien race. Jump, dodge, and swim through a skybound environment full of floating islands, water formations, and robotic terrors.",Solstice is a dystopian mystery thriller about small personal disasters that turn into great catastrophes.,Sequel to the sci-fi visual novel Bionic Heart. The game is told from four different points of view: each character choice will change the outcome of the story.,"Welcome to the halls of Latin House! Either way, you're invited along with either Max or Anne as they make their way through the first year of their college experience. They'll share their dorm life with four other tenants as they pick their class load, pick their jobs, and maybe even pick someone to have a little extra curricular fun...",Pirate heroine Nelly Cootalot takes on the villainous Baron Widebeard in this point and click adventure game. Meet a hilarious cast of characters including Tom Baker (Dr Who) and face perplexing challenges in your search for the Treasure of the Seventh Sea.,"Set in an alternative universe where the fabric of time must be protected, Defenders of Time is a fast-paced tower defense game for up to eight players. Players must strategically place towers in order to stop wave after wave of alien foes who are seeking to destroy our Time Beacons.",The Super Time Force Ultra Original Soundtrack by 6955 features more than 50 crazy chiptune tracks created exclusively for the game.,"Double Action is a free stylish multiplayer game about diving, flipping, and sliding your way into action movie mayhem.","Explore the subterranean depths in this first-person dungeon crawler with real-time combat, a unique rune magic system, exploration, and puzzle solving. This game will awaken memories of what made old-school dungeons so much fun to play while you fight, hunt for hidden treasures, and avoid deadly traps.","Clouds of war are shaping over the endless Folvos desert. You cannot wait any longer. Choose your side and take command! Lead your soldiers, tanks and aircraft to victory through Folvos varying landscapes across dozens of battles.","Portal Stories: Mel is a community made, free modification for Portal 2 based in the Portal universe. It tells the story of Mel, who meets a new personality core and faces an undiscovered threat to the Aperture facility.","Color Symphony is a game program utilizing the human recognition ability and visual senses, and various colors are used to play the game by changing colors to disrupt the cognition or to strengthen the cognition. The player can control the enemy, eliminate obstacles or build new roads with different colors.","Be a legendary Samurai!Pick up a Naviros Samurai Pack to be a legendary samurai with beautifully made and handsome clothing. This pack includes costumes, dyes and bonus coins.The package will be delivered to the mail box of the first character you log into after you make your purchase.","Be prepared for high-speed races against challenging AI pilots on huge, futuristic race tracks. Destroy your opponents with mounted cannons and special pick-up weapons, upgrade and fly different racers in a vast and spectacular environment on earth and in space.","Your blocks, your castle, your world!Build anything you can dream up and explore with other players! Cubic Castles is a mini-MMO that combines the best of block-building and 3D platform action! Create fantastic parkour challenges, explore worlds made by other players, or even make new friends- the only limit is your imagination.","Play as Markiplier, JesseCox, UberHaxorNova, or PeanutButterGamer in this Youtuber DLC pack for SpeedRunners! By purchasing these characters, you're able to support #TeamFalcon in King of Speed - the official in-game tournament between SpeedRunner and Falcon.","Play as PewDiePie, Strippin, CinnamonToastKen, or Dodger in this Youtuber DLC pack for SpeedRunners! By purchasing these characters, you're able to support #TeamSpeedRunner in King of Speed - the official in-game tournament between SpeedRunner and Falcon.","S.K.I.L.L. - Special Force 2 is a fast-paced, action-packed shooter based on the Unreal Engine 3. The game features a wide range of game modes, tons of maps and a huge selection of weapons.The game comes with regular content updates including new maps, game modes, weapons and other improvements!","S.K.I.L.L. - Special Force 2 is a fast-paced, action-packed shooter based on the Unreal Engine 3. The game features a wide range of game modes, tons of maps and a huge selection of weapons.The game comes with regular content updates including new maps, game modes, weapons and other improvements!",Beyond Gravity is procedurally generated &amp;quot;platformer&amp;quot; where you jump in-between planets and try to collect as many pickups as you can. This gets progressively harder the further you jump. No need to worry tho as you can upgrade your character with loads of upgrades and power-ups!,"Grab some friends and dive into the jungles of CONGO - a co-op, horror action game. Set in the dark and haunting jungle, light-fearing demons attack from the shadows. Work together as a team to find rescue from wave after wave of intense attack by scavenging an array of weapons and items.",Bionic Heart 2 Bonus Content includes the full game soundtrack in MP3 and exclusive wallpaper and artwork,Roommates Bonus Content includes the full game soundtrack in MP3 and exclusive wallpaper and artwork,"The world’s first underwater stealth trivia game! Play as a foreign exchange diver student in a school for dolphins, cheating, sabotaging, and manipulating your way through classes, extracurricular activities, and fellow classmates!","Inspired by the Disney/Pixar feature film, Toy Story and the 4D Toy Story Mania attraction at Disneyland Resort and Walt Disney World Resort, Toy Story Mania! is now available for PC.","Set during the events of the Crusader story campaign, you play as an honourable Crusader Lord fighting to maintain order in the Holy Land. On the path to Jerusalem you must protect vulnerable Arab merchants, fend off raiding parties and capture enemy strongholds before confronting an old enemy.","Set during the Arabic story campaign, one fearless Lord takes the fight to the invading Crusader hordes. After defending Saladin’s farmland, you must enlist the aid of The Shah and counterattack! Lure the cowardly Crusaders into the desert then assault the mountain camp where they make a last stand.","Eastern Front is a free mod for Company of Heroes which has successfully added a full Soviet faction packed with unique and exciting units as well as the rugged Ostheer, a unique new Axis faction which was designed to counter the Soviets, a feat never before achieved in the Company of Heroes world.","Prophour23 is a fast-paced, replayable real-time strategy. It's designed for short, quick plays. A single playthrough will take you about 15 minutes, if you're good. But the next one will be different. And another one as well.","Space Hulk Ascension is a 3D, digital, turn based, strategy game, which re-interprets the classic board game experience, and adds new RPG style mechanics, new weapons and missions, new enemy types, 3 playable chapters and loads of other new features to the single player experience.","CONTZ Pack - Standard Edition includes: 20/40ft Containers, Container Yard and X2K Double-Stack Wagons",Velocibox is a twitch-heavy action game crafted for the hardcore audience.,"Tiestru offers a new perspective to strategy games. The player has control all over the map and defines his strategy with the structures that he builds. Each structure, each connection, each location offer new and enhanced powers. In this deep and complex game everything is up to you! Define your strategy!","Immerse yourself into the strange and unpredictable world on the other side of the moon. Gregory Klimov is the only surviving member of his ship the Junior 2, which has crashed. He now must fight for his survival.","Zen Studios, Telltale Games, and Skybound Entertainment partner to create an all-new table based on The Walking Dead, the 'Game of the Year' winning series.","Immerse yourself into the strange and unpredictable world on the other side of the moon. Gregory Klimov is the only surviving member of his ship the Junior 2, which has crashed. He now must fight for his survival.",Set out on a cross-country journey to win back the love of your life and endure the hardship of making story-defining choices that affect your life and the lives of those around you.,"***WARNING: HARDCORE!*** You thought the adventure was over? BAD NEWS SUCKER! The new pope Boris the Super Sexy has a mission for your mute buttless self so listen up! A bad Boogie Bro has stolen the only food, a giant pudding! He’s probably going to do weird and kinky science to it! You gotta save it! Save the Boogie Bros!",Rexaura is a modification for Valve's Portal containing a new 20-chamber campaign centered around high energy pellets and many new testing elements. It is recommended for players who are familiar with Portal but want an extra challenge.,"Guild of Dungeoneering is a turn-based dungeon crawler with a twist: instead of controlling the hero you build the dungeon around him. Using cards drawn from your Guild decks you lay down rooms, monsters, traps and of course loot!","Player and GM library modules and Extension For Fantasy GroundsWhat You GetDeadlands Noir GM library moduleDeadlands Noir Player library moduleCustom extension and skinA load of new critter, personalities, Savage Tales, locales, encounters and moreantasy Grounds","Player only library modules and Extension for Fantasy GroundsWhat You GetDeadlands Noir Player library moduleCustom extension and skinA load of new locales (player safe), backstories, gear, weapons, armor, edges, hindrances and more","Savage Worlds Adventure for Fantasy GroundsThe new favorite songbird goes missing from the stage of the Old Absinthe House, and the owner turns to you for help. Can you find the missing dame with the velvet voice, or will the mystery remain as murky as the bayous and darkness that shroud the Big Easy?",Savage Worlds token packThis token pack is a conversion of the Deadlands Noir Figure Flats provided to backers of the Kickstarter by Pinnacle. It is also usable with any ruleset and is suitable for any noir settings. Tokens are full body tokens provided in both pog format and in full body format with transparent backgrounds.,"This charming, chalk-art puzzler tests your wits and tugs at your hearstrings as the bony underdog Dokuro strives to solve and swashbuckle his way through the Dark Lord's castle to save the Princess.","This is the soundtrack to Runers, written by Andrew James Livingston. It's a top-down Rogue-style game featuring endlessly changing gameplay. The soundtrack somewhat reflects the customizability, as it varies greatly between stages.","Lovely Planet Original Soundtrack by Calum Bowen, now available on Steam! Six tracks from the game and an extra remix in mp3 format!","Depth Hunter 2 is an underwater hunting game, allowing the complete experience of the spearfishing extreme sport!","Lose yourself in Hills of Glory 3D, a WW2 reverse tower defense game with stunning 3D graphics. In this war game, defend your bunker against hordes of enemies with the military arsenal at your disposal. Rifle, mortar, flamethrower, air strikes… don’t hold back!",Karmaflow: The Rock Opera Videogame is a puzzle platformer. You play as the Karmakeeper and it's your task to restore the balance in various mysterious worlds. Through an adaptive music system and sung narrative you will experience a truly unique rock opera.,Remember all those games in which you start in a village and you have to prove your worth by clearing the local crypt of undead skeletons? What if you woke up as one of those skeletons instead of the wannabe hero?,"Dusk 12 is a first person shooter, full of action where the player will incarnate two heroes. One of the soldiers of the group, with unknown past and one of the infected men with the virus, who has strength, speed and fortitude beyond human limits.",Act of Aggression – Reboot Edition brings the techno-thriller RTS game Act of Aggression to a higher level. The Reboot Edition offers a full gameplay overhaul in skirmish mode against the AI and in your multiplayer battles.,CONTZ Pack - Basic Edition includes: 20/40ft Containers and X2K Double-Stack Wagons,"Concursion is a multi-genre game played on the boundaries between worlds. Steer your hero through a dangerous interdimensional universe, switching between different genres on the fly, pulling off feats of tight aerial acrobatics otherwise unattainable in one genre alone.",DICETINY is a turn-based card and board game mash-up set in a fantasy world that offers strategic card and board game experience with its unique game mechanic. An adventure full of parodies and humor awaits you! Use spells and minions to help Heroes save Middle Board from a Dark Lord!,"AXYOS is for those who are looking for a combination of MOBA and FPS genres. When leading your team to win, you shouldn't only be an accurate shooter, but additionally, play tactically by using support items and wisely upgrading your character during a gaming session!","Be ready for the nerdiest adventure of your life! Journey with four everyday friends into this turn based hilarious jrpg filled with parodies and cameos! Explore a huge fantasy world full of secrets, monsters, dungeons and preposterous villains! Nerds are storming fantasy and it's awesome!","Revisit of one of adventure gaming’s greatest classics by master storyteller Jane Jensen! Struggling bookstore owner Gabriel Knight investigates the sinister Voodoo Murders in New Orleans, discovering the secrets of his family history and unfolding his destiny in this tale of horror and suspense.","Convoy is a tactical roguelike-like inspired by Mad Max and FTL in which you cross a wasteland in search of parts for your broken ship. Presented in pixel art and set in a future post-apocalyptic setting, Convoy is a squad based tactical combat roguelike-like in its core.","You’re playing Ragnarök for ages? Woe, PvP and Gameplay have no more secret for you?This DLC is for you!It combines everything you need to be one of the best kingdom player! Package includes:Equipment: 1X Fashion Costume Box (N°3): A Box that allow you to obtain randomly an old-fashioned equipment as a costume.","Supreme allows you to pursue your wildest dream ever, the dream that you’ve wanted to fulfill all your life. Your dream of owning and operating your own Pizzeria franchise that you will dominate the world with...err… we mean make everyone full and happy with? Yeah that.","Arena: Cyber Evolution is free to play and we want it to stay this way forever. We believe that it should be at the core of any sport to be accessible for everyone to play and practice no matter what.As an independent game studio, we however need some money to keep developing the game and improving it.","Second Korean War is Wargame: Red Dragon’s second free DLC.It features a new solo campaign, set in an uchronical 1992 where the previous year’s coup against Mikhaïl Gorbatchev has succeeded. The Party’s old guard has restored Soviet order, getting closer to its Asian communist neighbors in the process, but is set on a confrontational...",This time Phineas and Ferb decide not to fritter away their energy. They are going to build the coolest rollercoaster in their backyard! But to assemble such an enormous construction they need a good drawing and a lot of different parts which are not so easy to find.,"Battle demons and undead attorneys, and win souls to pay back your student loans! At the elite demonic-law firm of Varkath Nebuchadnezzar Stone, you'll depose a fallen god, find romance, and maybe even make partner, if you don't lose your own soul first.","Battle demons and undead attorneys, and win souls to pay back your student loans! At the elite demonic-law firm of Varkath Nebuchadnezzar Stone, you'll depose a fallen god, find romance, and maybe even make partner, if you don't lose your own soul first.","Step into the cockpit of a giant &amp;quot;mecha&amp;quot; robot, dueling with plasma sabers in an interstellar civil war!","Step into the cockpit of a giant &amp;quot;mecha&amp;quot; robot, dueling with plasma sabers in an interstellar civil war!","Play as Tinker Bell, Iridessa, Silvermist, Fawn and Rosetta as you take on this exciting adventure. Fans will be able to enter a world inhabited by these magical characters and discover the secrets of Pixie Hollow.","Hunt the wildest beasts of Mordor as you battle new monsters, earn unique runes, and turn deadly creatures on your enemies. Unlocks the Beast-hunter skin and Test of the Wild Challenge Mode. Middle-earth™: Shadow of Mordor™ required; sold separately.","Grow your Power and earn exclusive Epic Runes, as you take down unique bands of Sauron’s deadly Uruks.","Battle against Sauron as Celebrimbor, the great Elven Lord of the Second Age, to unlock powerful runes and the ability to wield the One Ring.","From the creators of Hero Siege, Squishy the Suicidal Pig is a puzzle platformer with a counterintuitive goal where you play as Squishy, a pig wearing a yellow sweater who's trying to reach his parents in animal heaven by completing his deal with the devil.You asked for a challenge, now you have it!","Cubesis is a turn-based strategy game with puzzle elements, in which you use weather conditions to solve given tasks with your people. Your way to their solution is beset by many obstacles: for example the sea. To overcome such obstacles, you need to figure out what pleases the gods.","The Maker's Eden is a first-person hypertext adventure game presented in the style of a motion comic. You play a character trying to discover what their predefined purpose is, in a science fiction/noir inspired world filled with androids, flying cars and an early 20th century vibe.","Burnstar is a challenging, fast paced action-puzzle game that puts both your brains and your finger-brains to the test! Use explosives to incinerate the worksites and installations of Evil Inc. Blaze your own trail, or play Co-op for some friendly fire!",An exclusive 'kick-ass' Rock soundtrack to be played out LOUD!,Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation...,Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation...,Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation...,"That special time of the year! Customize your truck with a choice of six Christmas paint jobs including Magic Ribbons, Santa's Bag, Xmas Spririt, Gift Time, Santa Trucker, and Night of Wonders.","Customize your truck with a unique set of tuning options - 4 cabin accessories, 3 front and rear rims, and 2 paint jobs.","Wings of Vi is a challenging 2D platformer in which the player controls the angel Vi, tasked with defeating the Demon Lord Jeh’oul after he is freed from captivity. While inspired by masochistic retro platformers, Wings of Vi aims to cut out arbitrary difficulty in favor of skill based gameplay.","The adventure of our hero continues beyond the legend, with new scenarios and dangers! The protagonist of the game will walk and explore endless mazes procedurally generated and will have a single mission: to save the prisoners scattered in the path leading them to the point of rescue.","Rescue your fellow Hunters, and with their help locate and destroy Dracula!","Nearly 30 years after the original version haunted Mac and NES gamers, the original development team behind that timeless classic is back with a full re-imagining of the original Shadowgate. Much more than a port, the team at Zojoi has painstakingly redesigned the game from the ground up, adding in tons of new mind-bending puzzles, lots...","A rogue-lite river journey through the backwaters of a forgotten post-societal America. Forage, craft, evade predators.",Hero of Many - Original Soundtrack,"A return to the roots of real-time strategy, providing beautiful 2D visuals combined with all the features that we came to expect from old school classics. This remastered version is a culmination of all the improvements and new features based upon suggestions from the community.",Prepare for the wildest ride of your life! Join Moorhuhn and his friends on their greatest adventure searching for the Forsaken Castle of lore.,Follow the trail of famous Nicolas Flamel - Use your wits and solve the riddle of the lost diary!,"Cargo 3 is a futuristic action game set in science-fiction horror world, which links the best features of the genre: unusual dynamics and thrilling high intensity of the gameplay.","This pack contains additional costumes for the Sasori, Kakuzu, Chiyo, Kimimaro, Hanzo, 4th Kazekage, 3rd Raikage, 2nd Tsuchikage, and 2nd Mizukage.","Experience Tiana’s exciting world set in the jazz-infused era of 1920’s New Orleans with the official The Princess and the Frog video game. Celebrate favorite moments from the movie and take on new challenges with Tiana, as she pursues her dreams in a fun adventure.","This is the Deep Fritz 14 multi-processor engine. Fritz 14 is available with two versions of the chess engine: The “standard” single processor engine (included in Fritz 14), which utilizes one processor for all calculations and only one core of any multi-core processor.","Dark Scavenger is a bizarre point-and-click RPG adventure with a focus on exploration, gaining loot, and meaningful choices. This is a demo but keep in mind that save files will transfer to the full version of the game. This means if you buy the game after playing the demo, you will be able to pick up where you left off!","Sprite Lamp is a tool for combining the visual styles possible with 2D art, such as painted or pixel-art looks, with dynamic lighting found in modern games. This free demo allows you to experiment with these tools and view the results in Sprite Lamp's preview window to see if Sprite Lamp would be useful for your project.","Sprite Lamp pro brings a variety of additional features, such as a full command line interface, generation of anisotropy maps, editing of depth maps from within Sprite Lamp, and batch processing of multiple image sets.","Tired of flying on the wings of a fallen angel?  With the Devil’s Workshop Pack you can fly on the purple wings of a Saint instead.  Also included: Yorick, the flaming skull that acts as the source of Shakespeare’s infernal might.","Abandon all hope, ye who enter Malebolgia! Explore this haunted palace and fight the terrible demons and beasts within, as you struggle to escape the cold and desolate wasteland of Hell.","Disney Tangled: The Video Game takes kids 6-11 on a film-inspired , hair-raising adventure. In this story-based journey kids will venture into a kingdom filled with colorful 3D environments , creative play, fun quests and competitive challenges.",Add the AGC 'Languedoc' to your Trainz collection,"StarCrawlers is a modern take on a classic cRPG dungeon crawler set in a gritty spacepunk universe. Build a crew of renegade adventurers on the fringes of space, taking jobs from megacorps to hunt bounties, sabotage rivals and conduct corporate espionage.",This package includes items that will help you in the game.,This package includes items that will help you in the game.,This package includes additional new quests and Coliseum battles.,This package includes Fairy Fencer F related contents.,Plutia will join your party!,Peashy will join your party!,Histoire will join your party!,This package includes additional new quests and Coliseum battles,This package includes additional new quests and Coliseum battles.,"Turn-based wizard combat with the tactical positioning of chess and the bluff of poker. Features wizard customization, 100s of gear items, single player realm adventures, online leagues and co-op play.","Young gamers travel to the worlds of Cinderella, Rapunzel, Ariel, Belle, and Tiana on a quest to transform evil imps back into friendly sprites in Disney Princess: My Fairytale Adventure.",Downloading this DLC will enable you to run modded versions of Fable Anniversary. This will also download the editor so you can create your own mods.,Jump right into the abandoned mansion lying on the dead end of Pineview Drive. This Demo contains a more intense version of the first chilling day of the full version's 30 in-game days - packed with some of the creepiest effects and events that Pineview Drive has to offer.,"Xeodrifter™ Special Edition Now Available! Featuring Renegade Kid's in-depth development diary, and critically acclaimed soundtrack by artists Roth Sothy, Matthew Gambrell, and Brian Altano!","Ready for the next generation of 3rd person shooters? Hazard Ops has zombies, monsters, robots, dinosaurs, mechs - pretty much anything you can point a gun at. Sink your teeth into this action-packed online shooter!","G-Force draws you into the adventures of an elite team of trained guinea pigs on a mission to thwart a sinister plot to destroy the world. Take control of both G-Force commander Darwin and his sidekick, Mooch, as they apply their talents to defeat an evil army of altered household appliances.",Fly the famed Platypus fighter through a fantastic landscape of carefully molded clay to protect inhabitants of Mungola from the Collosatropolians! Collect power-ups and bonus stars to give your Platypus the boost you need. Every level of this gorgeous arcade challenge bursts with original fun that's perfect for gamers of all ages.,A space opera focused on you: your choices shape your destiny.,"Gold Rush! takes you back to the year 1849, when gold was discovered in California. It was certainly one of the most exciting times in American history. Gold Rush! includes the three routes tens of thousands took to the gold regions.  Become Jerrod Wilson and experience each trek as you travel from New York to California.","All the extras! Republique's original soundtrack, The Making of Republique documentary series, and two early prototypes of Republique.","Ever wanted to shoot poisonous lightning lasers? Freezing fireballs? Turrets that fire waves of miniature suns? How about lasers that shoot exploding black holes that suck out your enemies' life force? You can do that all in Magicmaker, the spellcrafting-focused platformer dungeon-crawler!","This is the demo version of NoLimits 2, the ultimate roller coaster simulation that lets you experience authentic roller coaster thrills. Climb into the world's most famous roller coasters and experience the excitement in real time. Or design a new roller coaster that is engineered to your specifications.","Great Permutator is a puzzle. Hard and tricky. One in which you will have to build a complex system of conveyors and various devices so that the colored boxes can travel across the factory and arrive at right places and in right order. If you are into clever engineering puzzles, this game is for you.","Yatagarasu Attack on Cataclysm is an original, traditional-style 2D fighting game with 11 playable characters and which focuses on delivering solid game play and high quality production values.","The Deluxe Edition DLC of Lords of Xulima includes the &amp;quot;Bestiary &amp;amp; Mythology Book&amp;quot; with more than 200 pages, the soundtrack with 15 original themes, the HD World map and exclusive wallpapers.",Just one wrong move could spell disaster! Can you keep the wheels in motion as trains speed to their various destinations?,"In the face of the looming magical cataclysm, Ester Ambrose has to fight to save her future once again!","Great Permutator is a puzzle. Hard and tricky. One in which you will have to build a complex system of conveyors and various devices so that the colored boxes can travel across the factory and arrive at right places and in right order. If you are into clever engineering puzzles, this game is for you.","Winnie the Pooh The Video Game is based on the movie of the same name. Following the same story as the movie, Winnie the Pooh is an interactive story book focused on delivering action-driven storytelling and incorporating educational content for children.","Hunt, race and prank to become a Robertson!","Chaos is an heroic fantasy RPG that immerses you in an war for survival of Silmeria and Gods themselves. Alone or with teamates, you will fight dread creatures to the depths of three dungeons, and then defeat the Avatar, a monstrous being, born from the power of Chaos.","Embark on a journey to give his majesty the ride of his afterlife. Guide a chariot containing the King's remains through underground caves using physics-based mechanics such as pushing, pulling, riding and swinging.","Ninja Pizza Girl is a serious game about bullying, emotional resilience – and pizza delivering ninjas! It’s a fast, flow-based game about Gemma, a sixteen-year-old girl trying to keep her dreams alive in face of the most merciless enemies known to any teenage girl – other teenagers.","The old gods have forgotten this land. No one could save our people when darkness started spreading and collecting human souls for its army. Odallus is a classic exploration/action game, inspired by Ghosts’n Goblins, Demon’s Crest and Castlevania.","Welcome to your new summer job at Freddy Fazbear's Pizza, where kids and parents alike come for entertainment and food! The main attraction is Freddy Fazbear, of course; and his two friends. They are animatronic robots, programmed to please the crowds!",Get inside a particle accelerator and experience unbelievable speed previously reserved for only the most advanced laboratories on Earth! The Collider is a fast-paced and compelling arcade game that will put your reflexes to the test. Tune in with the energizing electronic music and beat your friends' high scores.,"Reprisal Universe places you in charge of the very elements themselves. Raise and lower land to expand your tribes, harness the power of fire and water. Explore the hidden mysteries of the Universe and gather your people together once again.",Heroes of SoulCraft (HoS) is an Arcade MOBA in which 2 teams fight against each other in fast 5 or 15 minute but still tactical matches full of action and fun.,Traditional Uber-Hardcore Turn-Based Steampunk Squad Tactics - with no concessions to casualization.,"Play the acclaimed RPG Masterpiece of all time Granado Espada. Collect all characters and engage yourself for more than 500+ rewarding quest. Immerse into its unique story of expedition, colonization and political feud.","There Came an Echo is a real-time strategy game in which the player assumes command of a small squadron, using an advanced voice recognition system to issue orders. It features a character-driven sci-fi narrative that stars Wil Wheaton, Ashly Burch, Laura Bailey, Yuri Lowenthal, and more!","Become the hero of the taxiway and step into the shoes of an airport employee in Airport Simulator 2015. Experience exciting and varied tasks in the field of aircraft handling at a major international airport and take control of high-powered aircraft tractors, de-icing vehicles, and many more!",This DLC contains a custom skin for Leon Chameleon in Awesomenauts. You need to have Leon Chameleon available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Skølldir in Awesomenauts. You need to have Skølldir available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,"Combining the very best of sci-fi and aerial dogfighting gameplay, AX:EL delivers a totally new gaming experience. Create your very own shape-shifting vehicle and dominate both the sky and the ocean.","A Pathfinder compatible adventure for beginner players and game masters, 4 PCs of levels 3. Part of a series of seasonally thematic modules, this adventure can be run to completion in 3-6 hours.","Bridge Constructor Medieval turns back the clock a few centuries to the time of knights and castles. Build sturdy bridges to supply your city with provisions - or cunningly constructed bridges that collapse under the weight of attacking troops, sending the horde of enemies into the abyss below.","Jenny LeClue is a story focused exploration adventure game with memorable characters, a unique aesthetic, and an epic tangled mystery.",Dark Days in Stoneholme is a Pathfinder/3.5 compatible adventure suitable for four to six PCs of 1st-2nd level that features low-level exploration in Aventyr’s Underworld and intrigue both in and around the dwarven city of Stoneholme.,"Trine 3: The Artifacts of Power is a platforming game of action, puzzles and adventure, and the sequel to the award winning Trine and Trine 2. Reunite with the three heroes in an all-new adventure, now for the first time in full 3D!","The Vanishing of Ethan Carter - Collector's Edition Upgrade contains the full Original Soundtrack (including in-game mixes), as well as &amp;quot;Making Of&amp;quot; PDF Album, Digital Map of the Red Creek Valley, high resolution Digital Poster, and exclusive wallpapers.","Developed by leading educational publisher DieKeure and Larian Studios through four years of close collaboration with teachers, schools, and universities, Monkey Tales Games is a series of engrossing video games with a robust learning component tailored to every child.","Play alone or with friends! A co-op personality test about exploring an ancient, occult world in 5 days. How will you be remembered?",The Free Starter Pack gives you the perfect jump-start into the brutal action of Hazard Ops. Explosive weapons and rock-solid equipment to make your enemies weep!,"No one can escape these skull-poppin’ assault rifles! This pack turns your enemies into Swiss cheese. And if anyone doesn’t get mowed down by the dense volley of bullets, just blast ‘em with your Big Time Shotgun!","A little something for the elite: This ultimate all-in-one pack comes with a prime selection of unique weapons, 2 special costume sets, VIP access, and loads more – including an exclusive Steam weapon!",This Starry Midnight We Make is a celestial growth simulation game where you create celestial objects using the mysterious Star-seeing Basin.,"Train Town is traintastic fun for everyone. Build your world, choose your train, go on exciting adventures through cityscapes, jungles and deserts...and even crash and blow things up!","Meadowland is an interactive poem. Explore a world, partake in a story.",Absolute Drift is a racing game about becoming a master at the art of drifting.,Arcade side-scroller with strategy elements! Four different types of zombie minions with unique abilities! 70 levels of pure zombie gore fun! Additional game mode - Nightmare - only for the hardcore gamers!,"Ooga Chaka, Ooga Chaka. The Guardians of the Galaxy Pack pack features all 5 of the Guardians from Marvel's most recent film including 2 playable heroes (Star-Lord and Rocket Raccoon) and 3 Team-Ups (Groot, Drax, and Gamora) to fight by your side). Grab this pack and fight as and along side this intergalactic band of misfits today!","The See No Evil Original Soundtrack, composed by Luke Thomas, features music and poetry from See No Evil beautifully orchestrated into a 10 track album.","Stick 'Em Up 2: Paper Adventures is a run'n'gun/platform game of stick figure characters fighting through beautiful paper and card levels. Fly across city rooftops firing rockets from a helicopter, leap between pirate ships with a sword, race buggies on the moon, and more!","New cars, new tools, new options, more parts and much more fun in the next version of Car Mechanic Simulator! Take your wrench! Create and expand your auto repairs service empire. Car Mechanic Simulator 2015 will take you behind the scenes of daily routine in car workshop.",Sit behind the wheel of monsters with over 4000 hp engines in brand new arcade style racing game.,Lord Draak's henchmen are spreading chaos in Uma. Are you going to let them get away with it?,"Cosmonautica is a fresh take on space trading in a procedurally generated universe, paired with quirky humor for your intergalactic enjoyment.","Magnifico is a popular region-based board game where the ultimate goal is to dominate 16th century Europe and is now available for PC! Play hard or play clever, Europe’s dominance is just one Victory Point away.",Thousands of incoming asteroids...One robot...An untested defense force...The odds are about even!,"Ascension: Chronicle of the Godslayer, was the first officially licensed deck building card game for iOS, and is now available for your PCas Ascension: Deckbuilding Game, complete with 5 full expansion decks! Play alone or with friends to battle against the Fallen One for honor and victory.","A City Sleeps' soundtrack features an original experimental electro hip hop score by M-Cue (http://m-cue.bandcamp.com/), who also serves as one of the game's level designers. If you enjoyed the songs you heard in-game, but wished you could chill out and listen to them without thousands of bugs, bullets, and bosses trying to kill you,...","Oscura, the apprentice lighthouse keeper, has destroyed the Aurora Stone, sending shards across the Driftlands and plunging them into darkness and danger. It’s up to Oscura to find the shards of the stone and restore light to the Driftlands before creatures of the dark can destroy it.","Pimp up your mobility scooter and take on the Grim Reaper and his Zombie army in a race for your soul. Armed with a variety of homemade weapons and gadgets, battle your way through 13 unique &amp;amp; exhilarating tracks. Can you survive the retirement village?","Savage Worlds Adventure for Fantasy GroundsA missing person’s case turns into a diabolical tale of greed, murder, magic, and mayhem in the ever-mysterious Crescent City. This time the gumshoes are in it deep, crossing paths with the Black Hand, corrupt politicians (are there any other kind?), and secrets as old as the Big Easy itself.","Savage Worlds Deadlands Adventure for Fantasy GroundsThe Blood Drive series is a complete campaign. Each adventure starts and ends in such a fashion that if you want to use it by itself without the others in the series, you can easily do so.",Warside is a visceral multiplayer Sci-Fi shooter featuring classic 2D gameplay combined with RPG elements. Play as part of a small squad of elite troops fighting for resources and power across the galaxy.,"Financed by the banker, the professor builds an evil machine that causes the meteor’s energy to spin out of control, destroying the city and mutating its plants and animals. Citizens are evacuated, but rescuers fail to find and evacuate two children.","The story of Season Match starts when the Snow Queen has her magic mirror broken, and decides to make cold winter stay forever in the fairy-land. You will set out on a legendary journey to find the pieces of the broken mirror, put them together and beat the Snow Queen.",Bring the celebration of seasons back to the Fairytale Kingdom! Join forces with the Snow Queen and Princesses of Seasons to battle the despotic Prince January and save the Fairytale Kingdom from eternal winter!,"Enter a magical fairy-tale world and overcome the evil Crow Witch! After the Crow Witch captures the Months, the world may never see a New Year again!","Match tokens to unlock incredible riches in The Treasures of Montezuma 3! With Casual and Timed modes to enjoy, 160 levels to beat, and dozens of mind-bending mini-puzzles to solve, you could be in the jungle for months!","Act4 Update Celebration Kit In the fantastical world of Dark Blood Online, multidimensional worlds called Queanas. Each Queanas exist in pairs, two parallel worlds that must balance each other. The Act4 Update Celebration Kit is a memorable kit for celebrating first massive update “Act4”.","This pack brings you three new lords that you can choose as starting perks for your Great Mage. Each lord comes with unique stats and abilities.Lords included in this pack:&amp;quot;Nicolas Frost, the Head Mage of the Temple of Cold and the former Great Mage is offering his services.","This pack adds three powerfull lord units to the array of perks you can choose for your Great Mage at the start of you game.Each lord comes with unique abilities and stats. Lords included:UAG 19: The &amp;quot;Universal Auxiliary Golem 19&amp;quot; will help you to deal with any problems, big or small.","This pack brings you three new exciting Great Mages to choose from in your fight for Ardania. Each mages comes with special faction perks.This pack includes:Chief Justice: The Chief Justice of Dauros Court already passed the sentence on the United One, and now joins the ranks of the Great Mages to personally see the sentence executed.","This extensive spell pack contains 5 smaller spell packs, eached theamed around something.The &amp;quot;Mind Games&amp;quot; pack contain three new spells that deals with controlling your empires happines and cities: Propaganda, Information Warfare, and Auto-Suggestion.",Fabula Mortis is a first person shooter based on steampunk and old fairy tales.,"Experience the mysterious, timeless world of Toren, the first adventure game from Brazilian indie developer Swordtales. You are Moonchild, destined to climb the tower (known as Toren) on a hauntingly solitary journey to find your purpose.","Wings!(tm), the classic flight-combat action game from the Amiga generation is back! With &amp;quot;Wings! Remastered Edition“ Cinemaware brings you back to an experience full of blasting action, drama and emotions.","Stained takes the player (who looks much like Death) through a seemingly abandoned castle and kingdom. As you work through the levels, the story unfolds, and you learn more about what brought ruin to the once-thriving fortress.","The California Gold Rush—been there, done that. By 1859, Northern Nevada was the place to be after a deep vein of silver was discovered under the mountains. Grab your pickaxe, hearty prospector, and mosey on over to the Comstock Lode where new fortune awaits in 1849: Nevada Silver.",Reel in the fun with IGT® Slots Paradise Garden™. A brand new slots collection from the world’s leading slot machine manufacturer. Enjoy the heart-racing thrill of true casino excitement on your PC/Mac. Try your hand at 15 slots that bring real life sights and sounds into your own home!,Just Flight’s VFR Real Scenery uses 25cm aerial photographic data of England and Wales to create high resolution scenery optimised for 1m display in Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition. These high resolution digital aerial images transform Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition into the real landscape you can see from the air.,Just Flight’s VFR Real Scenery uses 25cm aerial photographic data of England and Wales to create high resolution scenery optimised for 1m display in Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition. These high resolution digital aerial images transform Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition into the real landscape you can see from the air.,Just Flight’s VFR Real Scenery uses 25cm aerial photographic data of England and Wales to create high resolution scenery optimised for 1m display in Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition. These high resolution digital aerial images transform Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition into the real landscape you can see from the air.,Just Flight’s VFR Real Scenery uses 25cm aerial photographic data of England and Wales to create high resolution scenery optimised for 1m display in Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition. These high resolution digital aerial images transform Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition into the real landscape you can see from the air.,,"SolidFace Pro 2015 Demo This is a DEMO version from the SolidFace Professional 2D/3D. All features can be used, but this demo does not allow saving.",DIVE INTO THE WORLD OF OLD SCHOOL SHOOTERS!,A Romantic Comedy Visual Novel about a group of characters who are spontaneously transformed into members of the opposite sex.,"PirateHell is a fast arcade shooter set in golden age of piracy. Take command of a sturdy vessel and fight your way to gold, loot and all the pretty things a pirate likes.","The grit, grime, and glitz of VagabondDog's &amp;quot;Always Sometimes Monsters&amp;quot; is yours to build your characters' world.","Something went wrong with Lazarus’ resurrection... help Jesus and Judas to fight the zombie infection using amazing combos, divine punishments and special attacks!","This bumper pack contains over 450 game ready entities! They cover an arabic town style, an asian cyberpunk style and a mystic's library. It's also packed with animating decals that will add more special effects to your GameGuru creations.","A GameGuru bumper pack containing over 600 game ready entities! Covering many different styles; Castles, catacombs, caves, churches and gothic. There's also a host of animated decal effects and two winged demon creatures!","A GameGuru Mega pack containing over 400 game ready entities! This pack contains a wide range of items, a huge selection of buildings, medical objects, office items, sports equipment, urban street items and industrial items. There's also a range of animated decal effects to bring your scenes to life.",Welcome to a beautiful Adventure set in a unique interactive 3D world full of mysterious puzzles and Hidden Objects. Prepare for an unforgettable experience!,A new addition to the Timberman family - a series of games enjoyed by more than 30 million players! Take part in the annual Timber Tennis world championships - beat the single player campaign and challenge your friends in the local or online multiplayer mode!,"Slimes and Dragons! Following the style and charm of his previous battlers, this third pack of 50 by artist Tyler Warren takes it to the next level.","Whether you're fighting off hordes of terrifying aliens or testing your wits against androids with exceptional AI, you'll need a battle background that sets the right mood.",The Emporium of Copper and Steel features over 30 orchestrated tracks with a distinctive Steampunk/Western sound.,"Whether your heroes are plunging into the deepest caverns, exploring long forgotten ruins or are lost in a labyrinth; it’s always very important to set the appropriate mood for your dungeons.","A boy, helpless to protect that which he cherished... A girl, hopeless in the face of a promise unkept... A man, desperate to escape his finite destiny... A child, forgetting what must not be forgotten... OVERDRIVE presents a brand new super hero epic!","Digital edition includes number of lifetime bonuses (additional exp, credits, rewards and others), small amount of gold for use in premium-shop and unique customization. Digital edition is a good way to get started in Warside.","Wickland is an indie arena shooter heavily inspired by classic FPS games of the 90's. Morph into eight deadly beasts and use their own unique abilities, blaze through maps at insane speed to pick up power-ups, and fight your friends or foes in classic maze-like arena maps, just like the good old days.","Dandelion -Wishes brought to you- is a female-oriented game developed by Cheritz. The game was released in South Korea in August, 2012. The English translation for Dandelion was released on Nov, 2012. Dandelion is known as a unique dating simulation with a sensational storyline and charming characters.","From the creators of the popular “Brytenwalda” mod, “Viking Conquest” is a brand new DLC for Mount &amp;amp; Blade Warband! This single and multi player DLC brings Mount &amp;amp; Blade to historical Dark Age Britain, complemented by authentic scenes and cultures.",Relax and rediscover your Zen with Zen: Fish Sim for PC and Linux.,"Fairspace is an amateur developed open-ended space exploration, trading and combat game. A full and rich persistent universe awaits your discovery.",Primal Carnage: Extinction is an online multiplayer shooter featuring human versus dinosaur combat!,The story of the kid who escaped from the school crossing sign.,Original sountracks from the game REVERSE SIDE.,Zone 22 is a First Person RPG where you live within a dystopian society. You're expected to live your life and work for this tyrannic foe. Or you could rebel and eventually lead your people towards freedom!,"Supraball is a multiplayer game like football/soccer in first person view. Be a keeper, a defender, a playmaker or a striker. Use your imagination to pull off special moves and be the star player you always wanted to be. Invite your friends and develop your own tactics just like a real sport.","Command: Modern Air/Naval Operations is the ultimate military simulator for modern military conflicts. Designed with a huge emphasis on detail, realism, accuracy and flexibility, Command allows you to simulate and direct any historical or hypothetical air or naval engagement from 1945, at any scale, including strategic nuclear war.","The Official Soundtrack in MP3 format, with music composed by Zsolt Seres, includes two remixes by Gabor Gulyas. Also includes a special Coloring book, which contains 10 printable images. Print the images and then colour them. The book is in PDF format.",Secret of the Magic Crystals: Dress Up - is a customisation expansion for the original game which allows you to dress your horses in various outfits. Hundreds of items and millions of combinations are possible! Dress up all your horses in style! Participate in a multiplayer race* against your friends to show off your horse outfit!,"A boat racing game in the style of kart racing – easy to learn, but challenging to master.",Sigils of Elohim is a free mini-game prelude to Croteam’s upcoming first-person puzzler The Talos Principle that challenges players to solve dozens of challenging sigil puzzles under the watchful eye of Elohim.,"Riders, teams and tracks from the MotoGP™ 2014 season brought together in a unique, essential and comprehensive videogame. The MotoGP™14 Compact features a variety of exciting game modes to challenge yourself and your friends on the track, online and off!",Depth Hunter 2 : Ocean Mysteries offers two new locations and new equipment. The Thistlegorm wreck and ancient city are waiting for you!,"MODO indie packs powerful, industry-leading 3D modeling, sculpting, and animation tools into an affordable package that's perfect for developers and freelance game artists.","The Sun and Moon, the winner of Ludum Dare 29, is a platformer with a unique mechanic: you can dive into the ground. Momentum is conserved but gravity is reversed, letting you fling yourself high into the air or deep beneath the surface.","Planetary Annihilation, three bonus commanders your can conquer the galaxy with, the digital soundtrack, and when it's ready, the digital artbook download! Add-on version. Doesn't include game.",Uncover the mystery of the legendary Ghost Ship The Flying Dutchman!,Stop Arkana before it is too late!,"Download this DLC and venture onto a new set of volcanic Islands: discover new fauna and characters, learn to craft fantastic tools and weapons taking advantage of the different weather effects to face the most surprising enemies.","In the peaceful town of Reja there live three best friends: Hoston, Alina and Edessot. Young and curious, they want to go on a herb-seeking quest to help cure Hoston's father's illness. Little do they know ...",Mining Industry Simulator provides insight to the everyday life of a business manager in the mining industry. And the best thing about it is: you're the boss!,Get your recordings ready for Hollywood with the Movie Wizard and the included animated movie templates.,"Starbound Free Avatars for FaceRig. A Hylotl, an Apex, a Floran, an Avian, a Glitch and a Novakid are now available. Requires the base application FaceRig on Steam in order to run.",You must prove that the RAF is a force to be reckoned with!,Evil stirs beneath the Spine of the World. In the northernmost reaches of the Forgotten Realms lies the region of icy tundra known as Icewind Dale. Confront an evil that schemes beneath the carven glaciers and mountainsides to wreak destruction upon the face of Faerûn.,Cavern Kings is an infinite action platformer designed to make every playthrough unique and interesting. Cavern Kings aims to explode with special effects in classical arcade fashion and create interesting synergies with its powerup system.,"Despite determination and skill, Natalie Puccile, a Special Investigations and Tactics officer, has spent her career watching over a listening post in the middle of deep space. After the orders that she has always dreamed of arrive, she finds herself in charge of a small destroyer and tasked with discovering the fate of a missing...","You play as a man called Jacob Reeves. A man who has lost his reason to live. He throws himself into a blackness to end his misery, but instead of it being the end he wakes up without a memory of his life before.","Solve dozens of adventure puzzles and explore an enchanting world. Aveyond: The Lost Orb is packed with monsters, magic, and humor. Destroy an evil orb. Explore forests, deserts, and mountains within the mighty Eldrion Empire. And whatever you do, don’t let the empress know you can cook.","In this final installment of the Orbs of Magic series, Te'ijal, Galahad, Edward, Stella, and Mel come together to stop the Darkthrop Prophecy from occurring. Will they succeed?","Use the magic of light to explore hidden worlds, solve challenging puzzles and defeat deadly beasts in award-winning Schein, possibly the trickiest platformer you’ll play all year.","Use the magic of light to explore hidden worlds, solve challenging puzzles and defeat deadly beasts in award-winning Schein, possibly the trickiest platformer you’ll play all year.","For the first time ever, Crazy Chicken in a major action RPG.","For those of you who cannot live without old-style hardcore platformer challenges, Yury brings the ultimate spikes-lava-monsters experience.","Might &amp;amp; Magic® Heroes® VII makes a triumphant return bringing you the essence of turn based strategy gaming. Set in a fantasy universe with RPG progression with a strong story narrative, you will embark on a journey that you will never forget!",Hardland is a world ruled by a dying king. It's also a world full of dangerous creatures and places worth discovering. We will not dictate your journey in this game -- all we do is set the stage so you can find your own. Our goal is to make Hardland one of the great open-world action RPGs.,The original soundtrack by Anthony Septim.,What challenges are to come for the politicians of the future? Mass unemployment due to the automation of factories? or will this lead to a leisure society and equality? Will ubiquitous drones lead to better law enforcement and less traffic congestion or to widespread crime and infringement of privacy?,"The Talos Principle - Soundtrack is the official soundtrack which includes a collection of 25 amazing tracks from the game, plus 2 bonus tracks, composed and now also specially remixed by Serious Sam's composer Damjan Mravunac.","Bonus Content includes making-of video, digital terminal booklet, box art, posters, banners, postcards and sticker art.","Purchase the Prototype DLC and receive the following extras (available for PC, Mac and linux) for The Talos Principle:Prototype Levels - Includes more than 100 puzzles from early prototype development stage and 1 exclusive level from early beta version, not present in the final game.",'Unlimited escape' is an action / strategy game with unpredictable dynamics. The protagonist of the game will walk and explore endless mazes procedurally generated and will have a single mission: to save the prisoners scattered in the path leading them to the point of rescue.,"Grab your oven mitts and don your chef's hat! Cooking Academy is the game that places you in the kitchens of a prestigious culinary school! From eggrolls to pancakes, to crème brulee, it`s up to you to prepare over 50 different recipes!","A psychological 2D puzzle platformer. You must switch between two versions of the past: dark &amp;amp; light, positive &amp;amp; negative, hope &amp;amp; despair. Every action is innately tied to this dualistic battle. Traverse a surreal landscape of memory to try and mend a fragile mind.","20XX is a roguelike action platformer that you can play with a friend. Jump and shoot your way through ever-changing levels, collect awesome new powers, and battle mighty bosses in the name of saving the human race maybe!","In Disney Princess: Enchanted Journey, players are transported to environments based on classic films as they discover the courage, trust, and friendship needed to become a real princess, while attempting to save each kingdom from evil.",Jump and fly your way through danger in this rhythm-based action platformer!,"Command a steam-driven pirate crew in a series of epic tactical shootouts. Inspired by classics like XCOM and Worms, SteamWorld Heist is turn-based strategy with a twist: You manually aim the guns of your robots, allowing for insane skill shots and bullet-bouncing action!","Guns, Gore &amp;amp; Cannoli - An over-the-top, comical and fast-paced action game with hand-drawn graphics set in the Roaring Twenties. An all-you-can-shoot fest where you embody Vinnie, a mobster with a mission in a city controlled by gangsters and plagued by zombies. Featuring up to 4-man local co-op.","Gurumin: A Monstrous Adventure is a fantastic Action-RPG featuring real-time combat, 3D graphics, 90+ items, mini-games, multiple endings, a rocking soundtrack, 35+ hours of playtime, tons of fully voiced characters by an all-star cast of voice actors, and more!","The Repopulation is a Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game in a science fiction setting built heavily upon social aspects, sandbox driven gameplay and in depth crafting systems. CURRENTLY IN ALPHA BUILDS.",Don't Starve Together is the standalone multiplayer expansion of the uncompromising survival game Don't Starve.,"theHunter Pathfinder Starter Pack includes 6 months premium membership including full licenses to hunt All animals, access to All reserves and unlimited basic ammo. Items included: 12 GA Pump Action Shotgun, .22 &amp;quot;Plinkington&amp;quot; Semi-Automatic Rifle, .","theHunter Trailrunner Starter Pack includes 12 months premium membership including full licenses to hunt All animals, access to All reserves and unlimited basic ammo. Items included: 12 GA Pump Action Shotgun, ..22 &amp;quot;Plinkington&amp;quot; Semi-Automatic Rifle, .44 Revolver, Compound Bow &amp;quot;Snakebite&amp;quot;, .300 Bolt Action Rifle, .","Paint and make your own fun and exciting designs with Bin Weevils ARTY ARCADE! Have fun and experiment with a vast array of amazing brushes and effects, incorporate your own photos into your designs.",The Portal Stories: Mel soundtrack.,"You are in debt, your wife and kids have left and you have nothing left to lose, but how far will this take you? It is just another regular day at the office as a private detective and you find on your desk a letter from a friend tipping you off to something good. What will you find? Only time will tell...","Red Goddess is an action adventure platformer. Explore an epic magical world. Unlock powers of Rage and Fear, and fight deadly enemies in fast paced red &amp;amp; blue combat...",,"SUPERHOT is the first person shooter where time moves only when you move. No regenerating health bars. No conveniently placed ammo drops. It's just you, outnumbered and outgunned, grabbing the weapons of fallen enemies to shoot, slice, and maneuver through a hurricane of slow-motion bullets.","DYNASTY WARRIORS 8 Empires is the latest installment of the &amp;quot;Empires&amp;quot; series, in which you aim to conquer ancient China using both strategy and the one warrior versus one thousand tactical action the WARRIORS series is known for.","Colonise solar systems and watch them grow. Explore the galaxy to find its strategic choke points. Build up your empire and your fleet and then use the power of the media to prepare your people for the inevitable war. At the same time watch your opponents, keep on an eye on their own media and watch for threats and opportunities.","Manipulate the world's orientation and discover the truth of the voices around you in this First-Person Puzzle Platformer, Standpoint.","Mind Zero is an action-packed dungeon-crawler RPG. Play as Kei, a high school student whose life turns upside down when he forms a contract with a “MIND,” a weapon/being with deadly powers.",BLACKHOLE is an award-winning hardcore platformer with over 15 hours of story-driven sci-fi comedy and gravity-twisting puzzles. Complete Edition out now!,"Our hero just signed up for the Endera's suicide mission, but he wants to be captain of the mission. What really happens and why he ended up as the coffee-guy? Try to uncover this secret!","Drifting Lands is an hybrid of classical horizontal shoot'em'up with a lot of strong gameplay elements coming straight from the action-RPG genre. If you want an original diablo-like game or you want a different kind of shoot'em'up, you're in the right place!","Vanishing Realms is an immersive RPG designed exclusively for Virtual Reality. Grab your sword and fight life-sized monsters in epic face-to-face melee combat. Explore mystic domains, outwit magical wards, seek lost artifacts, wield sorcery and steel to take on denizens of the Undead Realm.","Band together to build skyships and explore the floating islands of a shattered world. Find lost technology, unearth the mysteries of past civilisations, and join or fight other players in the quest for knowledge. Play the first unscripted sandbox MMO with real-time physics.","Become the sporting director of one of the pro cycling circuit's 90 teams, and compete in a thrilling 2015 season. Participate in over 200 competitions (550 stages) and the ultimate challenge: the prestigious Tour de France 2015 and its official route.","The Sands of the Equinox DLC includes two different outfits! Each with three color variations! Explore the Oases of Anuk'Amon, the secret vale of sands, shrouded in mystery and time. But once a year, during the fall equinox, travelers are able to make their way into the sandy dunes and deep oases of Anuk'Amon.","'War, the Game' is a RTS for pc in realistic present day setting.The controls are intuitive, the game rules are simple and transparent.The game focuses on strategy and the use of ones brain to complete the scenarios.The map is a spherical version of earth. That's new.","Warhammer 40,000: Regicide is a brutal take on one of the greatest turn based strategy games of all time. Regicide fuses multiple phases of gameplay with dynamic action. Maneuver your army into place and unleash a devastating array of tactical abilities to crush your enemies.","Hunt - Explore - SurviveThe most realistic prehistoric survival game ever created. Featuring a huge Cretaceous environment populated by horrifying dinosaur all-stars, such as T-Rex, Triceratops, Utahraptor, Velociraptor and Quetzalcoatlus.","Learn to fly radio controlled (R/C) models with aerofly RC 7. When it comes to learning and improving R/C flying skills, aerofly RC 7 is the number one choice for R/C pilots. Our state of the art physics simulation gives you a stunning level of realism.","Dwelvers is a real time strategy game where The player takes the role of an evil Dungeon Lord who guide its minions through building their own dungeon, below and above the surface. Manage elaborate production chains, cater to the needs and quirks of each monster and lead them to battles against other monsters and pathetic humans.","Step onto the casino floor, where playing big could mean winning big. Split across 6 different tables, each requiring more skill and determination than the last, Pure Hold’em brings all the excitement of the high stakes casino to the convenience of your couch.","It’s South Park, pinball style! Join Cartman, Stan, Kyle, Kenny and Butters in these totally sweet pinball adventures!","Play as Franklin Fargo, a quiet physics professor who has led a bitter existence ever since his fiancée died in a holdup in which he was supposed to be the victim. One morning, he wakes up in the middle of an abandoned scientific facility. His only link with the outside world is a voice that calls him &amp;quot;Subject 13&amp;quot;.","Humans are building a tower to reach the Kingdom of the Gods! Embody one of these divinities to foil their attempts. But, be careful not to kill them with your special powers, because your survival depends on their devotion!","Sophia is sent to investigate a suspicious death in a manor belonging to the powerful Octurni family. Cop by day, thief by night, Sofia, aka Black Viper is convinced that this is more than just a robbery gone wrong.","Roaming Fortress is a dynamic new mix of action, strategy, and defensive games that puts your fortress atop a massive Burdenbeast. Upgrade your fortress and crush the enemies that have defiled the Kingdom!","Destructamundo is a game of chain reactions and massive explosions. Set off a warhead and watch the fireworks as you cause as much widespread damage as possible by setting off long, winding combos that reach throughout the cosmos.",Remember what it means to be a human in this interactive biography of a dead astronaut found in deep space by future intelligences who have no concept of humankind.,"Succeeding in Tharsis requires you to make the best of what you have, even if it happens to be a pair of snake eyes. Certain factors may be outside of your control, but that doesn’t mean they can’t be overcome. Tharsis is not a game about facing the odds. It’s a game about changing them.",The official sound track of Free To Play the movie. Track list: 1. Main Title Sequence 02:40 2. Dota 02:19 3. Fear 00:54 4. hyhy 01:53 5. Off The Friggin' Hook 02:45 6. Your Choice Now 01:12 7. Cologne 01:48 8. EHOME 00:47 9. The Potential to Win 02:53 10. Something We Shared 01:41 11. Get A Real Job 02:35 12. Dota Brother 01:43 13.,Half-Life Full Soundtrack and original music from the game's directory.Track list:1. Adrenaline Horror 02:122. Vague Voices 02:143. Klaxon Beat 01:024. Space Ocean 01:385. Cavern Ambience 01:426. Apprehensive 00:257. Bass String 00:118. Hurricane Strings 01:359. Diabolical Adrenaline Guitar 01:4710. Valve Theme [Extended] 01:2511.,"Half-Life 2 Full Soundtrack and original music from the game's directory. Energetic techno tracks tend to back significant battles. Atmospheric synthesizer pieces enhance key plot and exploration moments and reinforce feelings of adventure, isolation, or melancholy to the player. Track list: 1. Hazardous Environments 01:25 2.",Several pieces of original incidental music that are interspersed throughout Half-Life 2: Episode One. Track List: 1. Disrupted Original 01:18 2. Combine Advisory 01:47 3. Guard Down 01:39 4. Darkness at Noon 00:56 5. Self Destruction 02:00 6. Eine Kleiner Elevatormuzik 01:15 7. What Kind Of Hospital Is This 03:05 8. Infraradiant 04:38 9.,The official soundtrack for Half-Life: Episode 2. Track list: 1. No One Rides For Free 01:03 2. Dark Interval 01:35 3. Nectarium 01:47 4. Extinction Event Horizon 02:04 5. Vortal Combat 03:15 6. Sector Sweep 02:47 7. Shu'ulathoi 02:38 8. Last Legs 02:08 9. Abandoned In Place 02:47 10. Inhuman Frequency 01:50 11. Hunting Party 03:30 12.,"The soundtrack for Portal is contained in the The Orange Box Original Soundtrack released on December 21, 2007. Tracklist: 1. Subject Name Here 01:45 2. Taste of Blood 03:06 3. Android Hell 03:46 4. Self Esteem Fund 03:31 5. Procedural Jiggle Bone 04:34 6. No Cake For You 04:05 7. 4000 Degrees Kelvin 01:01 8.","The Portal 2 soundtrack was released in three volumes: The first, titled Volume 1, was released on May 25, 2011; Volume 2 on July 1, 2011, Volume 3 on Sept. 30, 2011. Track list: Disc 1 1. Science is Fun 02:33 2. Concentration Enhancing Menu Initialiser 02:17 3. 9999999 03:11 4. The Courtesy Call 03:37 5. Technical Difficulties 03:22 6.","Vagante is an action-packed platformer that features permanent death and procedurally generated levels. Play cooperatively with friends both locally and online, or adventure solo in this challenging roguelike-inspired game.",Fight the largest monsters you’ve ever faced while building your destiny as the greatest Hero in the world. China’s biggest Action game series is now available in the west.,"Hexus is a unique game that combines Ancient Egypt mysteries: puzzles and strategy. 120 levels, 15 mini-games.","The player finds himself on a desert island, where he meets the natives, carves a home, builds a ship and ultimately sails back home.",Join enigmatic adventure and help Jane Angel to find the Holy Grail,"After yacht crash in a mysterious storm, Jane and Mike found themselves on the coast and separated. Exploring the mysterious island, Jane must figure out what happened to Mike. Hurry, before it will be too late!","The ambient and haunting soundtrack of exploration adventure Qora includes every music track from the main game, including the vocal track 'Megavice'.","Experience the freedom of unbounded climbing as you take control of BUD, a procedurally animated robot on a quest to save his planet. Create your own path through an alien world as you control and ride a giant plant on a vertical journey to the stars.",Now you can really go to work on those Sligs! Get Abe kitted out in a traditional factory cleaner’s outfit (complete with striped loincloth and scalp cap) so he can really look the part on that grimy factory floor.,"Thought you’d saved them all? Think again, as Abe stumbles across one last Mudokon hidden away in RuptureFarms, and it’s one Mudokon that Oddworld fans might have heard about. Set in all new never-seen-before areas of the factory, Alf’s Escape is an expansion pack designed to challenge even the best New ‘n’ Tasty players.","In this darkly comedic story, you are the hero of an unfinished fantasy game, and your designers have failed you. Steal the power of a game god - trap their creations, swap behaviors and body parts, crafting your own unique solutions to free-form puzzles. Can you release a game ...from the inside?",Yo! Ho! Ho! Welcome to the Caribbean where dark pirate magic sparks life into new objects! Check out a pirate’s treasure trove of odd new items and puzzle your way through explosive new levels!,"Original Soundtrack for Risk of Rain. Composed, performed and produced by Chris Christodoulou. 1. Risk of Rain (2:50) 2. Dew Point (3:28) 3. Tropic of Capricorn (3:01) 4. Monsoon (2:39) 5. Cyclogenesis (3:24) 6. 25.3°N 91.7°E (4:16) 7. Hailstorm (2:23) 8. Moisture Deficit (4:44) 9. Intermission (0:25) 10. Tropic of Cancer (3:28) 11.","Composed by Howard Mostrom. The Planetary Annihilation Original Soundtrack is a moving, sci-fi influenced orchestral score that juggles serenity, devastation, and exploration. The soundtrack includes over 60 minutes of music brought to life by an 80-piece orchestra and a full choir.","Crow is the critically acclaimed, story-driven action-adventure developed by Sunside. Combining unique exploration, combat, and game mechanics, Crow takes the player on an exciting journey to faraway lands where an ancient battle is unfolding. Your choices will forever alter the course of this world.",This item pack is designed to give any new captains a smooth start at a great value. Get approximately $25 USD worth of items for $9.99 USD only!,This item pack is designed to suit the need of aspiring Adventurers. Get approximately $50 USD worth of items for $29.99 USD only!,This item pack is designed to suit the money-making needs of up-and-coming Traders. Get approximately $65 USD worth of items for $39.99 USD only!,"This item pack is designed to suit the needs of the battle class, Maritimers. Get approximately $80 USD worth of items for $49.99 USD only!",Alphadia Genesis chronicles an epic adventure with Fray and his investigative team from the Archleign Kingdom as they set out to solve a mysterious murder case in a nearby city. Immerse yourself in stunning 3D battles!,The series that changed the history of arcade shoot’em ups is back with the crazed action of Overkill mode! Instill fear in your enemies with devastating attacks and earn the acclaimed title of Master Ace!,"DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE revisits famous battles from the series through your custom Avatar and other classic characters. New features include the mysterious Toki Toki City, new gameplay mechanics, new animations and many other amazing features!","This is a sumptuous palace built for the seven princesses. It is a &amp;quot;birdcage&amp;quot; glorified with the name &amp;quot;garden&amp;quot;… Irell Reis was once a famous general leading thousands of soldiers. However, the defeat three years ago cost him everything. Now, he is summoned by the Emperor of Celantu again...","Be ready to face the World of Twelve with exclusive and powerful items! The Excarnus Pack includes 15 days of Booster benefits, 2 Heroes for 7 days, 1 Pet XP Boost, 1 'Brandish Your Big Sword' Emote, 4 STEAM Exclusive cosmetic items, an emote and the Foggernaut Bedroom Set.","Be ready to face the World of Twelve with exclusive and powerful items! The Magmog Pack includes 90 days of Hero Booster benefits, Phoenix Pet, Long-Range Gobball War Chief, Gobbalrog Harness, 1 Scroll of Absolution, x10 Vital Energy Cocktail, x6 Pet XP Boost, White Sadida Bag, Title: Sire of Renown, 1 'Brandish Your Big Sword' Emote,...","Take control of the Tarka mercenary, Tor, and rampage your way down into The Pit. With the coming of this juggernaut, there are now 11 playable character classes in The Pit!","Ground Pounders is a turn-based, strategy wargame. Inspired by classic strategy games like Panzer General, and steeped in the lore of the Sword of the Stars universe, Ground Pounders offers a new generation of gamers an updated taste of turn-based strategic warfare. This DLC adds a third playable faction to the game!","Jotun is a hand-drawn action-exploration game set in Norse mythology.In Jotun, you play Thora, a Viking warrior who died an inglorious death and must prove herself to the Gods to enter Valhalla.Impress the Gods!",Become the head of operations in a fictional rescue and catastrophe management organization,eden is a 3D Screensaver with great graphics. Discover beautiful environments: From snow-covered Mountains to a day at a sunny Beach.,"In a world where inhabitants live in the sky on floating islands made of cubes, a disaster threatens to make the population fall into the depths. Use the magic paint in this puzzle game to stuck cubes together and avoid the disaster.","BLACKHOLE: Complete Edition is the ultimate package featuring the award-winning hardcore puzzle-platformer BLACKHOLE, all its DLC including the brand new Challenge Vault and plenty of bonus materials!","Super Indie Karts is a classic retro 16-bit style karting game, with Time Trials, Grand Prix, SplitscreenGP, and Battle Modes! The game was KickStarted late in 2014 and is aimed for completion in 2017. You don't have to wait until completion though as you can join in now with Early Access!","Caffeine is a quirky first person adventure game with environmental puzzles and a dab of psychological horror. Set in the near future, the entire population of Earth is vigorously addicted to coffee. You awaken aboard one of these caffeine mining stations alone.","Have you ever wondered what it feels to be a ghostly being? Watch them run and scream, scaring them using your intelligence, wit, and with the use of powers like possessions, spectres, altering objects and more. Have fun and play with the occult... and become a Poltergeist!","Sam is an addict who ends up in an institution named “Reaching Dreams”, hoping to kick his drug problem and sort out his miserable life. But during the first night, something goes horribly wrong and he gets stuck in an endless...",TRI's Original Soundtrack + Artbook,"This Welcome Pack offers: Slimmy + Silver Magnetic Collar - pet to collect your loot for you, Consumables: 20 Maiden's tickets to fast travel between saved locations; 20 Elmar's Balm to instantly heal your character; 20 Melios' Tincture to instantly replenish your characters' Energy or Mana; 20 Ambrosia to heal and replenish Energy or Man","Dandelion -Wishes brought to you- is a female-oriented game developed by Cheritz. The game was released in South Korea in August, 2012. The English translation for Dandelion was released on Nov, 2012. Dandelion is known as a unique dating simulation with a sensational storyline and charming characters.","Fireworks fascination - All eyes are on the sky, the music starts, the first spectacular effects explode high in the air, open mouths, loud &amp;quot;Ooohs&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;Aaahs&amp;quot; from the crowd. Anyone who's ever witnessed live fireworks knows just how spellbinding a well put-together display can be. Attention, all firework fans!","Move or Die is an absurdly fast-paced, 4-player local and online party game where the mechanics change every 20 seconds. The very definition of a perfect friendship-ruining game.","The Battlefield Card Game with a roguish community. Come join us and immerse yourself in an alt history Steampunk universe where the impossible is possible. Choose the faction that complements your play style, build a devious deck &amp;amp; battle your opponent across the battlefield. + iOS &amp;amp; Android.","Check whether your system is VR Ready, and if not, whether its capabilities are bound by Graphics Card, CPU, or both.",Soundtrack to Heavy Bullets by Doseone.,"Planet Ancyra – a planet too far and the graveyard of a humanity that became lost in the depths space. A planet where the human mind became overwhelmed by fears of conspiracy, betrayal, and madness.",iO is an abstract physics platformer about size and speed. Grow bigger and smaller in order to solve some of the trickiest puzzles. Reach the exit as quickly as possible and grab a gold medal as your reward!,"Rising World is a voxel based open-world sandbox game, featuring a procedurally generated world, playable in single and multi-player.","Real-time simulation of your team. A football and strategy game. Total control: manage as Head coach, Director of football, and Chairman in a fast and fun way. Try out your strategy in Interactive matches while giving orders to your players in real-time.","The complete Moto Racer series together in a single package featuring the originalMoto Racer, Moto Racer 2 , Moto Racer 3 Gold Edition and Moto Racer15th Anniversary titles.","What do you trust most — what you see, what you're told, or your instincts? On a year long solo mission aboard Verde Station, you will test your wits and question everything, but you may not find answers. Welcome to solitude.","Jump, switch and fly your way through mind-bending subterranean puzzles in this stunning new platforming adventure from the award-winning Press Play!","From the world renowned visual novel studio Key, the highly rated story of CLANNAD is now available on Steam! Improved visuals, achievement integration, and Dangopedia make this the best version of CLANNAD to date.","Craft any magical spell you can imagine using the most powerful tool there is: code. CodeSpells is currently an unguided, sandbox experience for the bravest wizards who want to help the developers steer the game's development.","Leave the prison undetected. You will be faced with different types of danger, such as guards, dogs, security cameras and helicopters. Brian has to jump, hang, crawl, kick and climb his way out or hide. He will have to use the environment and it's objects to distract his enemies and set them on the wrong track.","Knights of Pen &amp;amp; Paper: Haunted Fall expands on the unmistakable charm and wit of the original game with more enemies, more epic quest and more locations in a spine tingling Halloween setting.Navigate an engrossing new quest line where you square off against unruly Jack o Lanterns, wobbly undead and a mish mash of bewildered monsters.","Explore the vast reaches of VoidExpanse -- mine asteroids, upgrade your ship, trade, complete missions, advance your character and survive fast-paced combat with hostile aliens and mercenaries in the rich and exciting Sci-Fi universe of VoidExpanse!","A magical world full of witchcraft and wizardry awaits you!Join the worlds best wizard academy and embark on an exciting, mysterious journey. Learn 4 different and mighty spells to change the world around you, experience a breathtaking plot about the lost wizard Rhobar or challenge yourself in the freeroam mode!",Release the Pigasus. the wonder of weird science! Summon this new creature by spending Essence and purchase powerful items in your Lair from the Pigasus.,"This adds the cool Boston Lockdown Campaign book (240 pages) with heaps of background intel, stories and adventures as pdf to your Deluxe or Standard Edition!",Get behind the wheel of 13 realistic city buses licensed by known city bus manufacturers such as Mercedes-Benz and MAN. Keep an eye on the traffic code and drive your passengers safely to their destinations through five characteristic city districts.,"Play as Rakshasa and Golden Path to swarm conflict zones, and overrun your opponents in maps based on Kyrat’s countryside. 4 new PvP maps, 1 new PvP mode and 1 new vehicle - the Buggy - included in PvP mode.","Your helicopter has crashed on an unforgiving Himalayan ridge. Explore the frozen landscape and capture, upgrade, and protect your camp from a mysterious cult.","A battle arena game with a magical setting. Kill creeps and opponents, gain power, grab items. Be one step ahead of your enemies and choose the right combination of spells. You fight about strategic points on a large outdoor map.",A single player metroidvania 3D game with cooperative gameplay. Find out what's going on by taking control of distinct characters and change between them whenever you want. An unique mix of 3rd person shooter and challenging puzzles!,"It's &amp;quot;Clash of the Titans!&amp;quot; Or, rather, &amp;quot;Clash of the Pygmies and Landians!&amp;quot; In cooperation with Bolt Creative, Nine Tales Digital brings you a new spin on their popular Desert Ashes turn-based strategy game, guest starring a powerful Pygmy army defending their territory.","Desert Ashes is a turn based strategy game with online multiplayer and single player campaigns, it also boasts an innovative menu system allowing you to play multiple games at once. The Day-Night system adds a dynamic twist to turn based battles that affect the battlefield.",,"SinaRun is a minimalist 3D platform/racing game. Find a level you like, play it hundreds of times and try to become the best on the leaderboard! Online multiplayer also available!","Caffeine is a quirky first person psychological horror adventure game with environmental puzzles. Set in the near future, the entire population of Earth is vigorously addicted to coffee. Massive space stations built by the biggest corporations roam the stars mining minerals to create a synthetic caffeine.","Boundless is an epic voxel sandbox where everyone (all players, in all physical locations, on all platforms) inhabits a single online universe. Boundless is a universe built by its players.","The sequel to the hit strategy game, with new weapons, landscapes, and options.","Halo: Spartan Strike makes you a Spartan supersoldier battling evil forces. Delve into 30 challenging missions through cities and jungles using a devastating arsenal of weapons, abilities and vehicles including the iconic Warthog against the Covenant and Promethean enemies.","Blood Drive 2: High Plains Drovers is the second adventure in a series that spans one of the longest, most danger-fraught cattle drives in the Weird West! Head ’em up and move ’em out as your posse becomes hardened trail hands fighting for their cattle, their land, and even their lives!","A desperate man needs to find the right antique to impress a rich relative, but his choice will have dreadful consequences. The Shopkeeper is a point-and-click narrative game set in a space between the Twilight Zone, classic Lucasarts adventures, and Antiques Roadshow.","Impossible Creatures is a 3D RTS game that pits the player against an evil villain. Using Earth’s most formidable animals as building blocks, the player must create an army of genetically-altered mutant monsters in a titanic struggle to protect an unsuspecting world.","An adventure of greed, corruption, and real estate in 1920s Miami. Based on actual events and featuring real life locations and historical figures, you must guide Alfie Banks on his journey to reach the top of the real estate game as he deals with shady salesmen, cutthroat bootleggers, corrupt politicians, and much more, all while swept...","Guide Hamlet, Ophelia and Hamlet Sr. to hundreds of hilarious deaths in Ryan North's chooseable-path edition of Shakespeare's Hamlet!","The official soundtrack from Slender: The Arrival, the terrifying survival horror game from Blue Isle Studios. Composed and arranged by Mark J Hadley and directed Brenden Frank, this soundtrack DLC contains all of the game music in 320kbps MP3 format.",YOU are the hero in Caverns of the Snow Witch! Triumph agains the villainous Snow Witch in Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy classic RPG gamebook!,"The Warlock of Firetop Mountain is a tabletop adventure come to life! This fantasy solo RPG combines unique, simultaneous turn-based combat with a journey that changes based on each figurine you take into Firetop Mountain! Which hero will you take into Zagor's lair THIS time?","StuntMANIA Reloaded is a fast paced 3D car stunt driving and exploration game, where you get to perform the most amazing tricks and stunts in some really cool environments.","Can you handle a 1500HP Monster Truck that can crash cars, get massive air and pop wheelies with a blip of the throttle? Monster Truck Destruction is here to satisfy all of these needs plus more!","An abandoned boat. A system of surveillance camera that works. A woman, Lea Nichols, only survivor of a team of researchers. Monitor, manage, search… Behind your camera, guide Lea Nichols to freedom but also to the truth. Be her eyes and ears to help fulfill her destiny!",The capital airport of Ireland for your home flight simulator. With up to 20 million passengers per year Dublin´s International Airport is of course the number one in Ireland and also ranked 15th of all European airports.,"FRAG LIKE IT'S 1999! TOXIKK plays as if today's military shooters never existed: Designed as a spiritual successor to the FPS giants of the late 90s and early 2ks, TOXIKK carefully evolves their mechanics with modern technology and fresh ideas elaborated with Arena-FPS enthusiasts.","Free pack of Alpha-stage community maps for RO2/RS, curated by Tripwire.","Free pack of Beta-stage community maps for RO2/RS, curated by Tripwire.",A Mysterious Tower of Ice Waiting to be Explored!Across the hostile waters of The Draining Sea lies a frozen island which is the location of the mysterious Tower of Ice. Legends tell of fabulous relics and riches hidden within this cold dark tower.,"Madness... Death... and Mayhem There is chaos on the streets of Shadowhaven, as glowmad, and something even worse attack the peaceful inhabitants. An elven strike force prepares to destroy every wildling on the isle of Canopy. Demon summoning cultist’s scheme and plot in the tunnels of Mount Ore. How are these events linked?","A Sword with a Dark DestinyA Mistake which Destroyed an IslandAn Ancient Dwarf wracked with Guilt.A find on a forgotten island out in the void sets in motion a series of events which sends the heroes to the hottest depths of the Skies, as they seek to save the soul of one of their number…Can they cheat fate as they struggle against The...","This adventure takes the heroes from the monster haunted ruins of the Shattered City to a temple hidden below the teeming streets of Gateway and a desperate chase across a haunted, forgotten island, where alliances must be forged with the most untrustworthy of allies to survive a terrible threat.","Figure Flats Token PackThis product is an installable module containing tokens for use with the Fantasy Ground virtual tabletop. Upon activating the module, the tokens will appear in your Token box for use throughout your game.","Parallax is a first-person puzzle game with two overlapping worlds. Weave back and forth between black and white as you try to be in the right place, in the right dimension, at the right time. Use switches, boosters and gravity to help you reach the exit. Can you conquer every mind-bending level?","This game is only for the brave. Dungeons await, each one deeper, each one more perilous and each one more challenging than the last.","Help the Furries, those cute and crazy little green creatures, travel the galaxy and survive the perils that await them on every strange planet they visit!","According to a legend, the isle of Mykonos arose as Hercules encountered and defeated twelve giants which he then threw into the sea where they turned into stone. Mykonos is today one of the most popular Mediterranean islands, famous for its cosmopolitan character and culture.",The Wilmington International Airport of the correspondent city Wilmington is located in the southeastern part of North Carolina. With its five non-stop connections you are able to comfortably travel from A to B.,"The airport Lugano is a small international Swiss airport in the canton Tecino. Its location is between the three towns of Agno, Muzzano and Bioggio. The fascinating part of this airport is surely the breathtaking approach, probably one of the most beautiful approaches in the world.","Nowadays known as the Airport Weeze, the aerodrome close to the Netherlands is used by Ryanair and several other low cost airlines. Approx 2.4 mil. passengers p.a. use the airport to many different holiday destinations in Europe, Asia and North Africa.","Frankfurt-Hahn Airport is located in the low mountain range Hunsrück with Mainz, Koblenz and Trier being the nearest cities. Frankfurt am Main is situated about 100 km east of the airport. In the first half of 2012, about 1.28 million passengers either landed or took off from Frankfurt-Hahn.","Carenado introduces the C208B Grand Caravan, a single engine turboprop servicing cargo and up to 14 passengers.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.",Fly the &amp;quot;Porsche of the skies&amp;quot; now also in X-Plane! Eperience a new feel for flying with the Mooney M20J by the famous Carenado development team. Set new speed records.,Run or Die is a fast paced Endless Runner that focuses on movement based abilities (and a huge Ion Cannon)! Players must make decisions in the blink of an eye in order to make their way through a hazardous city environment where every run is different!,"Eat some sandwiches and save the galaxy!A point and click adventure. In Bik, we follow a young boy who is abducted by aliens while on a camping trip with his friends. After joining forces with two friendly alien mercenaries, Ammut and Tatenen, Bik escapes from his abductors and tries to find his way home.","App Game Kit is a powerful game development engine, ideal for Hobbyist and Indie developers. Choose to code in the easy to learn AppGameKit BASIC or use our libraries in C++ &amp;amp; XCode. Write your code once and deploy easily to multiple mobile &amp;amp; desktop platforms.","Take the role of a chief! Lead the expedition and explore a huge island full of wildlife. Build, hunt and gather resources, because storms are coming and they will demand the most of your strategic skills.",BEARZERKERS is the premiere bear based evisceration experience. Feed your friends to the bears in HUNT or work together to defeat their mecha army in GAUNTLET. Video games! Local Multiplayer Only.,"Mythos: The Beginning is a survival horror/adventure role playing game based on the pulp-horror and monster movies of the 1930s. Set in London in 1934, Mythos tasks you with creating your own paranormal investigator from scratch and guiding them through an exploration of the infamous Harborough Asylum.","Make Dynamic Videos in Minutes We took the best video editing practices and techniques, streamlined them, and created software everyone can use.Turn photos and video clips into professional looking movies automatically. Share your experiences easily with muvee’s smart patented cinematic software.",Pilot your trusty orange vessel through mysterious and foreign planets in this quirky sci-fi adventure. Your mission: fix space-time and search out the scientists lost in the aftermath of the Universe's Greatest Science Experiment.,"Homebrew is a vehicle sandbox where creativity is key.The game is developed with a passion for science, input of the community and a belief that your imagination should be the only limit when it comes to what you can build.","In Metaverse you will dig, discover, design, deploy, and defend. Explore, build upon, or tear apart your own procedurally generated voxel planet. And now in the early stages of our multiplayer implementation, help conquer or build the planets of others.","1953: NATO vs Warsaw Pact is a game where World War III becomes a reality. Will once again this conflict become a panzer corps’ clash of steel, or maybe the strategic command will decide to nuke the enemy out of the globe.",Evil Castle Tiles will help you develop a perfect backdrop for that final boss encounter.,Tarot Battlers is large compilation of enemies you'll really want to own.,"This pack includes a large variety of themes, masterfully composed to evoke emotion and action.","Inspirational Vol.3 explores emotional pieces, epic songs and modern staples!","With the Luna Engine in your arsenal, you will have the freedom to manipulate RPG Maker's default GUIs and modify them according to your own vision.",FIRE is an exploration-adventure with intuitive puzzle design. Without losing many words it tells a savagely hilarious story. Journey into the Stone Age and face the most challenging task of this era: The search for fire!,Fourteen banging electronic dance music tracks by Allicorn. A full-length album of hardcore robopop based on the music found in-game in Ultratron.,"This expansion offers you exciting new content, such as many new missions and a whole new star system containing two unique sectors.",This DLC includes The Art of Outland and the Outland OST.,"Set in the lush and vibrant world of the Forgotten Realms, Sword Coast Legends offers an all-new way to enjoy the time-tested magic of playing Dungeons &amp;amp; Dragons as a shared storytelling experience.","Against a darkening background of famine, disease and war, a new power is rising in the great steppes of the East. With a million horsemen at his back, the ultimate warrior king approaches, and his sights are set on Rome… The next instalment in the multi award-winning PC series that combines turn-based strategy with real-time tactics,...","As a new Arms Dealer in the year 2025 you will bribe generals, build relationships, and trade over 250 real weapons. You'll be hunted by 4 law enforcement agencies as you compete with the top 10 Arms Dealers. You must find the best deals, rarest weapons and most useful vehicles to carry your goods.","Legendary composers Vince DiCola (Transformers, Rocky IV) and Kenny Meriedeth (contributor for DuckTales, Power Rangers, X-Men, and others) bring you an amazing 80's flavored soundtrack to Saturday Morning RPG.","The EaaS Wwise Project DLC gives you access to the official Wwise Project used to integrate all Audio in the CRYENGINE SDK levels. The project will give a good overview of the possibilities Wwise and CRYENGINE have to offer and shows best practices in how to set up the project structure in Wwise, and to use it together with CRYENGINE's...",The Hive is RTS RPG fantasy game. Gorgeous music and a beautiful visual design takes you to planet of New Eden. There you assume control as the Insectoid Hive mind and face the challenges ahead. How long can you survive?,"Cannon Brawl is an exciting mix of real time strategy and artillery gameplay, it plays like a new genre of strategy games. Try your hand at the campaign and competitive online multiplayer!","A post-apocalyptic, turn based, tactical combat and strategy game where you lead your caravan on a quest for revenge.","Fat Chicken is a REVERSE TOWER DEFENSE game where you fatten up farm animals for slaughter by pumping them full of hormones, overfeeding them and basting them with antibiotics to keep them alive so they're worth more when you turn 'em into tasty, tasty packaged meat...it's what's for dinner!","Clash of Puppets is a 3D hack’n’slash platformer, featuring classic b-movie style.","Crystal Catacombs is a challenging, retro inspired “Megavanian” love letter that utilizes Rogue-like procedurally generated levels/enemies/items with a heavy emphasis on classic 2D platforming.","Bitmap2Material is an incredibly powerful tool that helps you generate full, seamlessly tiling materials from any bitmap image. This now includes all PBR (Physically-Based Rendering) channels, based on the most accurate conversion algorithm out there.","Grab your trusty sword, strap on a fearsome helmet, and plunge into the chaotic fray of Viking Squad! In this three player co-op brawler you must put a stop to the wildly mischievous Loki and reopen the gates to Valhalla. Find a friend for local co-op couch play or find a match online!","One of the more unusual locomotives ever to be built, the GT3 Gas Turbine Prototype is nevertheless part of British railway history and is now available for Train Simulator from Victory Works.The GT3 was part of a programme for the development of gas turbine locomotives started in the late 1940s.","As one of the most unique and iconic six axle heavy yard switchers, the EMD SD9 was a popular locomotive among North American railfans.The EMD SD9 was a 1,750hp six-axle (C-C) diesel road-switcher powered by EMDs highly successful two-stroke 567C V-16 diesel power plant.","One of the most eagerly awaited German locomotives for Train Simulator, the DB BR 261 ‘Voith Gravita’ is now available in distinctive Deutsche Bahn livery.The DB BR 261 10BB built by Voith, and named internally as the ‘Gravita’, is a diesel-hydraulic shunting freight locomotive able to operate over medium capacity main line freight...","Packed with both character and atmosphere, China Clay for Export is set in one of the most picturesque counties of England and offers a very intensive and interesting railway experience.The extraction of China Clay in Cornwall dates back to the 18th Century and remains a valuable resource to this day.","From the celebrated studio of Thomson Interactive comes the new WCML Trent Valley route for Train Simulator, part of the UK’s busiest rail route connecting London and Scotland.Completed in 1847, the Trent Valley Line now forms part of the West Coast Main Line (WCML), which runs from London Euston to Glasgow.","Electro-Motive Division’s powerful SD50 comes to Train Simulator from Digital Train Model.The SD50 from General Motors Electro-Motive Division was produced to counter increasingly tough competition from GE Transportation Systems’ Dash 7 line, which was proving to be successful with US railroads.","Following the much-loved ‘Memories of Maerdy’ add-on from Mesh Tools is the stunning new ‘Return to Maerdy’ add-on for Train Simulator, complete with the unique English Electric Type 3B Battery Locomotive and WD Hunslet 0-6-0ST ‘Austerity’.","The mixed-traffic BR 152 is one of the most popular locomotives among drivers seen on Germany’s railways today.The high performance ES64F locomotive built by Siemens forms part of the company’s EuroSprinter range, and started life as a mixed traffic locomotive.","The Munich to Rosenheim route through Germany serves as one of the most important cross-border lines to Austria, and this beautifully scenic route is now available for Train Simulator.Built between 1860 and 1871, initially as a single-track route into Austria from Germany, the line was increased to two tracks and formed the main line...","Incorporated by an Act of Parliament in 1835, the origins of the Great Western Railway lay with merchants from Bristol who felt threatened by the growing strength of Liverpool as a major trading port through its development of a railway connection to London.","The distinctive Class 58, nicknamed the ‘Bone’ because of its unusual shape with a wide cab at either end, is now available to lend some serious hauling power in Train Simulator.The Class 58 was built between 1983 and 1987 by BREL in Doncaster Works as British Rail wanted a new freight locomotive that would be lower in cost and...","Drive 130km (80 miles) of track through Austria, Germany and Switzerland, passing through 40 detailed stations!A tour de force in route design, with stunning scenery, country-specific signalling systems and custom objects throughout, the Three Country Corner Route is probably the most authentic, realistic and detailed route for Train...","One of London’s iconic commuter electric multiple units comes to Train Simulator in Southern Trains livery.Originally starting life as a Class 510, the Class 455/8 was introduced in 1982 to replace the aging 4SUB and 4EPB units. Class 455/8s were part of the first batch of units to be delivered between 1982 and 1984.","The Norfolk Southern Big 7s add-on brings two variations of the GE Dash 7 locomotive to Train Simulator. The 3,600 horsepower four-axle GE B36-7 was built from 1980 until 1985 as successor to the famous U36B ‘U-Boats’.","One of the first mass produced diesel-electric locomotive classes for British Railways, the Class 40, comes to Train Simulator, from developer RailRight.A total of 200 ‘Whistlers’ (so called because of their distinctive turbo whistle sound) were built by English Electric over a four year period from 1958, and were – for a time –...","Electro-Motive’s F40PH line of diesel locomotives represented the face of North American passenger railroading for more than a generation. Between 1976 and the early 1990s, more than 400 of the highly successful 3,000- and 3,200-horsepower diesel locomotives were constructed and served in intercity and commuter service, across the...","The LNER Peppercorn K1 locomotives were built between 1949 and 1950, with the intention of splitting them between the North Eastern and Eastern Regions. Many K1s would regularly be seen as far north as Edinburgh and they were frequently used on the West Highland line in the early days.","The bustling and historic North Jersey Coast Line of NJ TRANSIT® links the New York City metropolitan area with the northern portion of America’s famed “Jersey Shore,” and does so in captivating fashion. Serving two great rail terminals – New York City’s Penn Station in Manhattan and the classic Hoboken Terminal across the Hudson River,...","Experience the thrill of controlling classic German steam traction in the form of the DR BR 86, which is available now for Train Simulator. The Standard, or Einheitsdampflokomotive Class 86 was built between 1928 and 1943 by many of the German locomotive manufacturers of that era, it was a 2-8-2 tank locomotive and 776 were built.","A workhorse of German and Polish railways, the BR 24 ‘Steppenpferd’ comes to Train Simulator from Romantic Railroads.The ‘Steppenpferd’ (‘Prairie Horse’) was developed specifically for the long, flat routes in West and East Prussia between 1928 and 1940 as passenger locomotives.","The first of the heavy freight generation of locomotives and pivotal in bringing the most successful freight locomotive in the UK to life, the BR Class 59 comes to Train Simulator in modern DB Schenker livery.The original four Class 59s were ordered by Foster Yeoman in 1985 as a replacement to the increasingly unreliable Class 56.","One of the busiest commuter routes through the UK’s capital city is stunningly recreated for Train Simulator in this new route add-on.The North London Line spans approximately 17 miles between Richmond and Stratford, and is today part of the London Overground network.","The magic of Colorado, steam-era railroading awaits you on the Clear Creek Narrow Gauge route. Set in the 1930s, this new Train Simulator route features daunting yet majestic mountain topography; grades of up to 4 percent; switchbacks; remote but bustling mining towns; classic wooden passenger cars to carry local travelers and tourists...","The classic Rail Blue livery of British Rail from the 1960s typified the heyday of diesel traction across the UK’s railway network, as depicted in this collection of diesel locomotives for the Weardale &amp;amp; Teesdale Network.","As the first diesel locomotives to be built at BR’s Darlington Works, the Class 24 was built as part of the British Rail Modernisation Plan in the late 1950s.The Class 24 was a Sulzer Type 2, Bo-Bo diesel-electric locomotive built between 1958 and 1961, incorporating numerous elements such as off-the-shelf standardised components used...","One of Germany’s most beautiful and romantic landscapes, and one of Europe’s most charming river valleys, the Mosel Valley, is the location for the Aerosoft’s latest route for Train Simulator, the Mosel Valley (Koblenz-Trier).","Germany’s sleek, modern multiple units are synonymous with efficiency and comfort, none more so than the DB BR 474.3, now available for Train Simulator.The BR 474 is an electrical multiple unit built between 1996 and 2001, and again between 2006 and 2007, designed exclusively for Hamburg S-Bahn services.","As one of the most important routes in the state of Schleswig-Holstein, the Hamburg-Lübeck Railway forms part of the Vogelfluglinie, connecting Germany’s second largest city with the capital of Denmark, Copenhagen.","Once a record-breaking steam locomotive admired by many on the UK’s rail network, the LMS Coronation Class ‘Duchess of Hamilton’ comes to Train Simulator in its striking streamlined variant.The LMS Coronation Class was a mainline steam locomotive designed by William Stanier and built at Crewe Works between 1937 and 1948.","The picture postcard scenery of the Austrian Alps dominate the stunning new Semmeringbahn: Mürzzuschlag to Gloggnitz route for Train Simulator.Built by more than 20,000 worked between 1848 and 1854, the 41km (25 mile) Semmeringbahn (Semmering Railway) was the first standard gauge mountain railway ever constructed and is considered the...","The Electro-Motive GP40, introduced in 1965, has proven to be one of North America’s most versatile and successful locomotives, with more than 1,200 units constructed by 1972. The GP40 was designed to haul tonnage, and with four axles and a robust 3,000 horsepower, the locomotive was ideally suited for intermodal and fast freight duty,...","The Virtual New Haven Railroad Springfield Line brings to life the 1950s glory days of the famed New Haven (NYNH&amp;amp;H) Railroad – and glorious it is! Extending from Springfield, Massachusetts to New Haven, Connecticut, this highly authentic Train Simulator route represents 62 miles of multiple-track, densely-packed mainline railroading...","The stunning and picturesque landscapes of the Somerset hills come to life in this unique route for Train Simulator, representing the proposed reopened heritage line from Frome to Radstock.A railway line in the North of Somerset is nothing new, with the Bristol and North Somerset Railway opening in 1873.","The diminutive DB BR 361 packs a punch when it comes to serious pulling power, and is now available for shunting duties on Germany’s rail network in Train Simulator.Built between 1956 and 1964, the BR 361 (originally classified as V 60) is a diesel locomotive designed for shunting duties and the occasional light goods train for Deutsche...","First operational before the Civil War, the Baltimore &amp;amp; Ohio Railroad was familiar to generations of Americans right up to its disappearance in 1987. Like many other old railroad names, the B&amp;amp;O did not cease business but was swallowed up by mergers, becoming part of Chessie System and hence folded into the modern-day CSX...","During the 1980s, BR began to haul timber in much greater quantities. To meet this requirement, various wagon types were converted and the OTA class was created. The OTAs served British Rail until privatisation of the network in 1996, after which many passed into private ownership where they remain today.","During the 1980s, BR began to haul timber in much greater quantities. To meet this requirement, various wagon types were converted and the OTA class was created. The OTAs served British Rail until privatisation of the network in 1996, after which many passed into private ownership where they remain today.",The Kijls 450 is a two-axle curtain-sided flat car used by DB for transporting goods which need to remain sheltered from rain or which are sensitive to shocks. This pack includes the following livery variants: Kijls 450 traffic red version 1Kijls 450 traffic red version 2Kijls 450 Cargo Kijls 450 Railion It also includes a random version...,"Electro-Motive's famous 'F Series' road locomotives literally changed the face of North American railroading, ushering in a wholesale change from steam to diesel motive power across the continent. Between 1939 and 1960, EMD constructed a variety of F-unit models, and none were more prolific, more successful, or more famous than the...",The Eaos-x 075 is an open bogie wagon used by DB to transport scrap and bulky cargo. The pack includes the following load variants: Loaded with coalLoaded with loose scrapLoaded with cubed scrapEmptyIt also includes a random version placement tool in the scenario editor to enable scenario writers to quickly assemble trains with realistic...,The Tagds 959 is a class of bogie hopper wagon used by DB to transport food products. This pack includes Tagds wagons in the following livery variants: DB weathered 1DB weathered 2DB Cargo weathered 1DB Cargo weathered 2It also includes a random variant placement tool in the scenario editor to enable scenario writers to quickly assemble...,"The Lbms 589 is a freight wagon for transporting palletised containers used by DB’s transport system &amp;quot;Von Haus zu Haus&amp;quot;. The pack includes 3 different containers, one of which has five different optional loads.","The Ommi 65 is an open hopper wagon used across the DB network. While the 'O' prefix classifies it as a composite open flat wagon, the 'mm' indicates a length less than 9 metres. The Ommi 65 is mainly used for carrying coal and aggregates.","BR ordered more than 24000 21t hoppers to several different diagrams over the 10 years from 1949. These wagons were a continuation of a former LNER design, with some of the earliest examples featuring the long brake lever and single-sided brakes of late LNER examples and also riveted bodywork.","The 1980s saw a decline in general merchandise traffic on British Rail. This meant numerous open and closed wagons became surplus to requirements. In 1992, around 400 VDA vans were scheduled for conversion into open ballast wagons, these being delivered to Network Southeast and the West Coast Mainline.",The CEA conversion was one of the later attempts to find a use for the large numbers of HEA hoppers that were standing around with very little to do as the requirements for domestic and industrial coal diminished.,The CEA conversion was one of the later attempts to find a use for the large numbers of HEA hoppers that were standing around with very little to do as the requirements for domestic and industrial coal diminished.,"In 1971, a new design of long wheel base van appeared from Ashford Works that had the same overall dimensions as earlier air braked vans, but they were fitted with 2 centrally mounted sliding doors per side and were Air-braked only.",The Laaeks 553 is a car carrier typically used across the German network and beyond for transporting new vehicles between ports and depots. The Laaeks designation denotes that it is a special class of flat wagon (L) coupled in double formation with a total of 4 axles (aa) with decks for transporting cars (e) up to a maximum load of 20...,With the decline in domestic and industrial coal traffic as a consequence of switching many energy needs to natural gas British Rail found themselves with a surplus of relatively new air braked coal hoppers.,One of the features of railway operation until the mid-1990s was the requirement for trains carrying ‘Dangerous Goods’ to be formed with barrier wagons to help protect the crew in the event of a collision by increasing distance from the cargo (for safety reasons or at least due to Union pressure) and providing a ‘crumple zone’ in the even,"Through a large part of the 20th Century, most coal was transported throughout the majority of the United Kingdom in open wagons with a capacity of up to 16T. In the North East of England though, a 21t hopper was a more common sight.","The building of 21T hoppers by British Railways for carrying coal continued on from LNER designs. After building 2 diagrams (1/141 and 1/143) covering just under 4,000 vehicles that were barely distinguishable from LNER built wagons in 1949 and 1950, none were included in the 1951 building program.","The ‘Thunder Box’ is a two-axle coach design first manufactured in Germany in the 1920s for Deutsche Reichsbahn. The type was able to seat from 40 to 66 passengers, depending on which travel class they were configured for. Retirement began in the 1960s, though many Donnerbüchsen remain in use on preserved railway.","Please Note: The London-Faversham High Speed Route Add-On is required, as a separate purchase, in order to utilise the content featured in this add-on.Built by Bombardier in Derby, England, the Class 375 third-rail DC, 4 car electric multiple units entered service in April, 2001.","Renewable Energy PackThe drive for renewable energy sources has begun to make its mark on the landscape across many parts of the world. With wind power and sunlight energy being two of the most widely adopted resources, wind turbines and solar panels are becoming increasingly familiar sights in rural and coastal areas, and this pack...","British Railways decided that changes in the steel industry would require the use of more bogie vehicles, and as a consequence built a number of different designs. The wagons, fitted with bolsters to support the load, were mainly grouped according to length (and hence the nominal capacity).","A relative rarity by coal wagon standard, only 27 40t coal wagons were built between 1904 and 1910. Though they were all essentially the same design, there was some variation across the fleet and a number went on to be converted for alternative purposes during World War I.","BR Built nearly 17000 21t hoppers to Diagram 1/146 between 1952 and 1959. They were subject to major body corrosion, in common with other coal carrying wagons. From 1971 there was a major rebuilding program, with the new welded bodies featuring only 2 side ribs, compared to the five as originally built.","The vehicles built to Diagram 1/146 formed the bulk of British Railways 21t Hopper fleet. The vast majority of them were constructed with only a lever operated hand brake, but the Modernisation Plan of 1955 called for stock to be fitted with Automatic Vacuum Brakes.",1959 saw construction start on a series of four lots of vacuum braked wagons to a brand new design and are the focus of this expansion. The wagons were all built at Derby works between 1959 and 1961 and would eventually number some 165 wagons.,This pack recreates Type Z2 passenger carriages as used by Deutsche Reichsbahn from the mid-1980s for major train services. All cars feature passenger view and include dynamic numbering.,"The articulated Taschenwagen freight cars are used by Deutsche Bahn to transport truck trailers and containers of different sizes. They have been in use with DB since 2001. This pack features the vR RandomSkin function, which dynamically changes the container and truck trailer skins as the wagons are placed on the track to give a...","The Hbins tt 292 is a conversion of the sliding wall Hbillns 302 wagon and is used for the transport of parts for the automobile industry. The loading profile is 2.6 x 3 meters, meaning that three loading racks can be placed on top of each other, but also limiting use of the wagons to certain routes. .",This pack recreates Type YB express train passenger cars as operated by Deutsche Reichsbahn of the former GDR. The included liveries recreate the cars as they appeared in the 1970s and 1980s. All the cars feature passenger view and dynamic numbers.,This pack recreates the Type B express train passenger cars as used by Deutsche Reichsbahn in the former GDR. The included liveries represent the cars as they operated in 1960s and 1970s. The models include passenger view and dynamic numbering.,"The 21T hoppers were a continuation of an LNER design and the earliest examples built for British Railways were practically identical to the last of the LNER vehicles. They retained the LNER style clasp brakes fitted to only one side of the wagon and the long, high level brake lever.","BR ordered more than 24,000 21t hoppers to several different diagrams over the 10 years from 1949. These wagons were a continuation of a former LNER design, with some of the earliest examples featuring the long brake lever and single-sided brakes of late LNER examples and also riveted bodywork.","Along with railways, the growth of the canal network was a visible sign of the industrial revolution across the UK. Using either horsepower or steam power, canal barges plied between the major manufacturing centres of Britain with deliveries of fuel and products, using a network of level canal ways with systems of locks to allow...","The Thompson Corridor Coaches Pack 01 for Train Simulator recreates several variants of the Thompson corridor coaches as they appeared under LMS, LNER and British Railways operation. The Thompson Corridor Coaches Pack 01 includes the following models in LMS Maroon, BR Crimson and Cream and LNER Teak...","The Thompson Corridor Coaches Pack 02 for Train Simulator recreates several variants of the Thompson corridor coaches as they appeared under LMS, LNER and British Railways operation. The Thompson Corridor Coaches Pack 01 includes the following models in LMS Maroon, BR Crimson and Cream and LNER Teak...",The 1970’s and 1980’s saw a large program to convert existing wagons to the air braking system as British Rail attempted to modernise and increase the speed and profitability of it’s freight services. The vast majority of the BORAILS (150 out of 165 constructed) passed through the BR works in Shildon for air brake conversion that was to...,"There had been a ten year gap between the last vacuum braked bogie steel carrier design and the first new air braked design in 1972. British Rail was in the slow process of moving away from the use of unfitted and vacuum braked stock, and with the planned number of air braked vehicles being insufficient to replace all of the older stock...","Into the 1960’s British Railways mainly provided 12T vehicles for the covered carriage of general merchandise, the exception being those vans intended to work on the train ferry services to Europe. While nearly all these vehicles were fitted with continuous train brakes, they were vacuum braked &amp;amp; in conjunction with their short...","Into the 1960’s British Railways mainly provided 12T vehicles for the covered carriage of general merchandise, the exception being those vans intended to work on the train ferry services to Europe. While nearly all these vehicles were fitted with continuous train brakes, they were vacuum braked &amp;amp; in conjunction with their short...",The BORAIL wagons were an interesting group that found themselves built in the revenue series of wagons although they would find themselves often used as special wagons and for the Civil Engineer. The primary use for the wagons was the transportation of lengths of new rail from the rolling mills to either track prefabrication plants or...,This expansion continues the story of the airbrake converted BRV BORAIL wagons featuring the conversion to general materials carriers by fitting mesh sided modules in place of the existing bodywork.The BORAIL wagons were an interesting group that found themselves built in the revenue series of wagons although they would find themselves...,Purchase this DLC to upgrade from B2M3 to B2M3 Professional.,"Defenders of the Last Colony is a Top Down Shooter with Strategy gameplay mechanics, where you have to protect the Colony's core while you gather resources and build defenses. You play as one of the 4 classes: Fighter, Engineer, Striker or Carrier. Defenders features coop up to 4 players and 3D graphics.",Horizon Shift is an explosive wave based single screen shooter with a ton of new ideas and platformer elements. Do what it takes to protect your horizon from the ever encroaching enemy attack!,Take part in building the monument that made Alcatraz Island a household name!,WARNING: THIS GAME IS IN EARLY ACCESS. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE SERIOUS ISSUES AND INCOMPLETE CONTENT. PLEASE READ THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS PRIOR TO PURCHASE.,"Ride deep below sea level with the third content pack for Trials Fusion: Welcome to the Abyss! Enhance your experience underwater with: - 10 new tracks including eight Classic Trials Tracks, one Skill Game and one FMX Track - 24 new Challenges including secret locations and hidden mini-games - 5 new achievements - Dozens of new Editor...","Who would name their town Sinister City? Vampires, of course! When John discovers his bride-to-be has been kidnapped by Sinister City's number one bloodsucker, there's only one thing to do - search for hidden objects! And kill vampires! Or at least insult them until they give your girl back.",Follow orphan Eva on a trip to mystical Prague in Alchemy Mysteries: Prague Legends.,Immediately unlocks all earnable cards from the Battle Boosters to your collection.,"Construct Airships and wage war in a sandbox world populated by floating islands, sprawling skies and adventure. Ride on ships and build them while your motley drive you forward, toward exploration. Persistent player servers and much more await!","Smugglers 5: Invasion is a standalone expansion for the turn-based science-fiction space trading game, Smugglers 5. It starts where the original game ended. After years of civil war, the Federation finally emerged victorious, crushing all rebellion. Then came the Jalkath, an invading alien race looking much like the tigers of Old Earth.",,"The Fat Chicken Official Soundtrack by award winning composer, Jason Graves!",,Claire OST,The Official Soundtrack to Bik - A Space Adventure.,A collection of 16 replays and 22 strategy guide documents showcasing the high scores and skills of the best Crimzon Clover players in the world.,"This is the River City sports challenge! The Rule is simple, be the # 1 in 4 events by all means. That's it! Hitting and kicking? Of course! Wooden swords dumbbells and even bombs are available to use. The great sports challenge where anything's possible has just begun!!!",Experience a dual soundtrack by Chris Hülsbeck and Machinae Supremacy!,"In the exciting visual adventure Mystery of Neuschwanstein, you will find all of the ingredients needed for a thrilling mystery adventure: a world famous castle, the mysterious, unexplained death of a fairy-tale king, and plenty of anonymous clues pointing to a whole web of dark conspiracies!","New battle area - Angola, Cuito-Cuanavale district",Become an active participant in the alternative history of the Soviet invasion into Afghanistan in 1979,Windward is an action-filled multiplayer sandbox game that puts you in control of a ship sailing the high seas of a large procedurally-generated world.,"The name's Glyph. Sam Glyph. Private eye. I was outta work...I hadn't busted a case in months. I was looking for a job...turns out, it was a job that would find ME...",Experience deadly new variants of three fan-favourite American rifles tuned and camouflaged to lethal perfection. All three rifles can be used in any mode in Sniper Elite 3.,Experience deadly new variants of three fan-favourite international rifles tuned and camouflaged to lethal perfection. All three rifles can be used in any mode in Sniper Elite 3.,"Set in an alternative universe where the fabric of time must be protected, Defenders of Time is a fast-paced tower defense game for up to eight players. Players must strategically place towers in order to stop wave after wave of alien foes who are seeking to destroy our Time Beacons.","Demolish your friends with hundreds of upgradable weapons shot from your customizable tank in this action-packed online multiplayer tanks game. Earn XP to level up and unlock new tanks, weapons, and gear. Fight against or alongside your friends for strategic team or free-for-all matches.","It's a highly competitive 2D arcade game where you move the earth to a safe place by warping the space around. Thanks to educational elements you will learn about the universe in an entertaining way. In Space Warp patience, skills and perfect timing is the key to beat your friends.","If My Heart Had Wings is an animated visual novel that tells the tale of a refreshing yet bittersweet youth story. With elements of both romance and comedy, play as Aoi Minase as he meets female companions, working with them to revive the Soaring Club in order to realise their dream.","Chime was a much-loved music puzzle game on Xbox Live Arcade, PC and PS3. What happens if you file away the rusty edges? New music + new modes + new visuals = CHIME SHARP.","To celebrate the release of the Charlemagne expansion for Crusader Kings 2, Paradox Books releases this classic epic poem The Song of Roland, in ebook format. The Song of Roland (La Chanson de Roland in French) is a story of heroism based on the Battle of Roncevaux in 778, in the reign of Charlemagne.","Cinemaware's Anthology of classic games gives you a fascinating collection of some of the highest-regarded, most successful games from legendary game developer Cinemaware!","The Season Four Table Pack includes all TEN of the tables in Season Four as they are released for the discounted price of $29.99 (40% off the normal price). Season Four includes The Addams Family®, Starship troopers™, Phantom of the Opera™, Party Zone™, Earthshaker™, Cyclone™, Jack*Bot™, Xenon, Red and Ted's Roadshow™, and Safe Cracker™.",The Season Four Pro Pack includes all TEN of the tables in Season Four as they are released PLUS the Pro version of each table for the greatly discounted price of $39.99- that’s 60% off the price of buying them separately!,It's about time. Time for Football! And every good club needs a good manager. In Club Manager 2015 you slip into the role of an up-and-coming football manager. Developed in the homeland of the current World Champions - Germany.,"The Legend of Candlewind: Nights &amp;amp; Candles returns to the traditions of old role-playing legends. Go up against the forces of evil in hand-drawn dungeons, step by step. Following in the footsteps of classic dungeon crawlers, players will take part in turn-based battles that will put their skills to the ultimate test.","Based on the classic tabletop game, Warhammer Quest is an addictive mix of role-playing and strategy.","The Highlander artifact set gives you great advantages on Mountain terrain. Your squads will be moving even faster there, the army gets bonuses on fighting parameters and science studies accelerate.",The Builder artifact set promotes your character`s development. Your buildings will be constructed even faster and the number of buildings being errected at the same time increases. Defensive buildings of your domain will become even stronger and their repair time gets reduced.,"Instant Dungeon! mixes dungeon exploration with arcade action in the vein of the classic maze games from the 80s. Let Instant Dungeon! create a new dungeon just for you, complete with glittering treasures, vicious monsters, brutal boss battles, wild power ups and most importantly fun, Fun, FUN!","Melrose is trapped in a life of hardship. She can find no one who understands her. To cope with her sorrow, Melrose turns to her imagination. Sadly, dreams must end... But not today. Melrose is about to meet her godmother and discover that the land in her dreams is real and in trouble.",Original Sound Track of Shan Gui. Soundtrack will be downloaded as MP3 and WAV files.Track list1. Can't Wait Sweet Osmanthus Blooms 01:072. Sadness in Hui's Heart 01:243. Agile Steps in Autumn 01:264. Chat between Hui &amp;amp; Jia 01:065. Statues in Memory 00:566. Mountain Ramble 01:157. Walking in Botanical Garden 01:258.,"In Hazard Ops, survival is your top priority every second. And we have just the thing for that. This pack can save your skin in any scenario. From long-range to close combat, guns to grenades, these bad boys will get the job done.","Don’t let these dusty old weapons fool you – they still have full zombie-killing potential! The ancient Egyptians developed secret weapon technology over hundreds of years, and this pack features the ultimate balance of design and firepower.","Get ready to rock some PvP! This pack comes with a face-melting weapon for each hand, and it includes mods and a giant mech to help you tear up the battlefield!","Savage Worlds Setting and Extension for Fantasy GroundsEast Texas University offers a well-rounded syllabus of character creation, new Edges &amp;amp; Hindrances, gear, Setting Rules, and tours of campus and nearby Pinebox, Texas. For advanced credit, read the section on rituals and talismans.","Clouds of war are shaping over the endless Folvos desert. You cannot wait any longer. Choose your side and take command! Lead your soldiers, tanks and aircraft to victory through Folvos varying landscapes across dozens of battles.",Halloween 2014 FaceRig Avatar Pack.,"Fight as Heart, an innocent robot fighting to escape the grip of mindless machines in a future where humans are no more. A fast-paced 3D brawler with roguelike elements set in a colorful yet desolated world.","In a free, add-on mod for Killing Floor, created by David Hensley (with help from Killing Floor originator, Alex Quick), you can fight off the bizarre and warped toys of someone's nightmare, that are hell-bent on finishing you off. All the standard Zeds are replaced with evil toys, set in the Devil's Dollhouse map.","Deep Eclipse: New Space Odyssey is the ultimate space thriller in the best tradition of the genre. You're the pilot of a space fighter, accidentally catapulted into a parallel universe populated by hostile alien creatures; and they're not happy to see you! To get out of this hell, do your best, to destroy hordes of enemies.","The second game about making games! Care for and build relationships with your teammates! Now with an in-depth game development system, more story (just like you asked for), and more...","Go back in time and experience, “The Fabulous Fifties”, in a game that recalls scenarios, vehicles andstreet races of the legendary 50´s films. Customize your car and compete in 8 different race modes, through five completely different 50´s themed areas and become the King of the Road.","The worms are back in their most destructive game yet. With a gorgeous, hand-drawn 2D look, brand new weapons, the introduction of crafting, vehicles and buildings plus the return of some much-loved classic weapons and gameplay, Worms W.M.D is the best worms experience ever.","Track ListingCD1-01. Meander (08:44), 02. Pink Leaves (14:38), 03. Asteroid Beats (04:05), 04. Petal Pool (04:38), 05. Halfspeed Capsule Growth (10:44), 06. Euflorian (04:31), 07. Open (15:35), 08. Spheric Residuals (06:57), 09. Sleepership (09:31)CD2-01. Anterior Sweep (02:01), 02. Empty Space (10:44), 03.","A desperate, savage survival experience full of stunning visuals, dynamic creatures, and a haunting soundtrack.","Gloria Victis is a MMORPG with an emphasis on realism, set in a low-fantasy medieval open world. Enjoy skill-based non-target combat, open PVP with territory control, deep crafting system and player-driven economy – all that served with beautiful graphics and immersive atmosphere.","You’re a castaway stranded in the middle of nowhere. The storm is gone, the worst certainly not. Look for food and resources, craft gear, make a shelter. These are the basics, you will need much more to stay alive on this cut-off-the-world, yet not desert island. Build and burn, sail and explore, stay out of reach!",Men of War: Assault Squad 2 - Iron Fist is the first DLC for AS2. It comes with a set of new features and additional singleplayer content. Fight your way through the battlefield as a veteran tank crew in third person perspective. Gain veterancy as you fight along with allied tanks against any odds.,"Tilt Brush lets you paint in 3D space with virtual reality. Unleash your creativity with three-dimensional brush strokes, stars, light, and even fire. Your room is your canvas. Your palette is your imagination. The possibilities are endless.","Based on the inhospitable frontier world of Mars, against the backdrop of a bacterial outbreak, Deadstone offers a compelling blend of frantic combat and tower defense, backed by a highly nuanced character development system and strategic elements of resource management.","Help Jor-El, his wife Lara and their robot Kelex send the infant Superman into space towards the safety of Earth as Krypton falls. Find a way inside Jor-El’s home, fight General Zod’s invading forces and battle against Zod himself to save Superman.","Play as Joker and Harley Quinn, setting up a variety of celebration set pieces. Be the Dark Knight and play as some of the most iconic faces of Batman through the years, including his first appearance in Detective Comics #27.","Experience the explosive action of the chase scene from the iconic film. Play as the legendary Dark Knight and Commissioner Gordon, as well as the Joker and his goons as they chase Harvey Dent’s police escort. Bane and Catwoman are also playable.","Set in the future, a new hero must rise to defend Gotham City again. Control the new Batman, Terry McGinnis, with his Batsuit that allows him to fly and even turn invisible. Players can also access villains including Blight as well as Joker himself.","Inspired by the popular TV series, this pack is set after the shipwreck that leaves Oliver and Slade trapped in a treacherous island. It’s Oliver’s survival training as they work their way through the jungle to a mercenary camp.",Collect all the Ice Cream Crystals and marry Princess Cheesecake!,"With her telekinesis, unorthodox use of torture instruments, a knack for improvisation and the help of a shady fox she makes her way from the peaks of Glass Mountain to the deepest dungeon.","Life of Pixel - 13 Game Machines in 1 Epic Adventure Game!Journey across the expertly-recreated worlds of more than a dozen vintage gaming systems, from Commodore 64 to Gameboy to Snes! A tour-de-force of 8-bit and 16-bit gaming...","Total War™: ROME II – Wrath of SpartaAbout this content:Wrath of Sparta introduces an entirely new, epic campaign expansion for Total War: ROME II focusing exclusively on the Hellenic world, plunging players into the turbulent events of the iconic Peloponnesian Wars.The year is 432 BC, and unrest grows throughout the Greek City-States.","The stealth genre gets turned on its head in The Marvellous Miss Take – the only heist adventure that invites you to steal with style! Use cunning, guile and the art of deception to grab the loot and escape without getting caught by the guards!","This Extra Character Pack for 100% Orange Juice adds 2 new playable characters from developer Orange_Juice's games - Nanako (from Suguri, Acceleration of Suguri) and Syura (QP Shooting, QP Shooting - Dangerous!!).",HOW FAR WILL YOU GO TO SAVE YOUR ONLY DAUGHTER'S LIFE?,"Ahoy mateys! From the Mind of Sid Meier, The Golden Age of Buccaneering has returned with Pirates! Gold!",Sid Meier's Covert Action - A Techno-Thriller From the Case Files of Max Remington.,"The New World lies before you with all its peril, promise and infinite possibility. Your colonists anxiously follow you to shore. The treasures of an entire continent await you.","An experimental short from the creator of To the Moon: A simple &amp;amp; surreal 1-hour interactive animation about a boy and an injured bird, told without dialogues.","Deathbat is a 3rd person, overhead dungeon crawler action RPG in the vein of The Legend of Zelda, Gauntlet Legends, and Diablo. The game’s story is based on the mythical origin of the Deathbat, Avenged Sevenfold’s logo and mascot.","Reemus the insect exterminator and his companion Liam the bear match wits with giant talking ants, termites and bed bugs in hopes of impressing the citizens of Fredricus once and for all! A fully voice-acted, funny, cartoon point and click adventure with animated cutscenes, side quests and more.","The Official Soundtrack of There Came an Echo, composed by Big Giant Circles (Jimmy Hinson) and Ronald Jenkees! Additional vocals by Malukah (Judith de los Santos) and Ashly Burch. Comes in 256 kbps .mp3 and uncompressed FLAC!",RTS Creator is the easiest way to create Real Time Strategy games.,"Zenzizenzic is a fast-paced, adrenaline-infused twin stick bullet hell shoot 'em up and open world roguelike. Featuring a beautifully abstract art style and a thumping, full throttle soundtrack, it's sure to get your thumbs sweating and your blood pumping!","Get wasted or get wasted trying in WASTED, a roguelike post-apocalyptic pub crawler. Fight tooth and nail, bullets and baseball bats in search of Booze, gain strange mutational Hangovers, and explore the Coolers in search of powerful weapons, armor, and a nice stiff drink to top it all off.","The sun is dead. Mankind has fled underground. In the two-sided city of Brimstone, the all-seeing Raven Corporation controls our most precious resource: breathable air. It now falls to guard-in-training Valerie to infiltrate the company, reveal its secrets and uncover years of lies and propaganda.",This DLC contains a custom skin for the Scoop of Justice in Awesomenauts. You need to have the Scoop of Justice available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,"Stranded at an abandoned Antarctic research base with no hope of rescue, you must battle a deadly blizzard in a desperate fight to find your way home.",The Eye of Horus Beam Splitter is the first expansion for Khet 2.0. The new Beam Splitter piece splits the laser in two creating new offensive possiblities!,"CaesarIA is a remake of an old-school economic strategy game, Caesar III which is a masterpiece among the games of this genre in our opinion. There are different economic strategy games and they can be broken down to subtypes but from our viewpoint Caesar encompasses planning, constructing, diplomacy and military campaigns.","Mays Mysteries The Secret Of Dragonville is an exciting puzzle adventure. Follow May, an intelligent and charismatic girl, in her quest to find her missing brother. Advance through the adventure by solving over 270 logic puzzles, tricky rhythmic games and hand drawn hidden object scenes.",Puzzlequest meets FTL in this Steampunk Victorian era roguelite.,"Welcome to the Grind Zones, the bright and colorful fantasy world filled by magic, heroes and amazing creatures! Explore the territories, fight monsters, collect the potions and loot, buy new weapons and equipment, unlock new skills to become the strongest hero of the Grind Zones!","Gigantic is a fast and fluid Strategic Hero Shooter, where you battle against and alongside massive Guardians, in deeply strategic team gameplay. Think fast, be bold, Go Gigantic!","Over 35 levels of challenging gameplay -- Race at the speed of light, fight off computer Viruses and engage in violent digital combat.","In the world of Nomround, expert platforming skills and sheer arrogance are essential for survival. Will they be enough to prove your innocence?",We have recorded new sessions with the Swedish composer Tobias Gustafsson and this Music Pack now adds that music to enhance the Europa Universalis IV soundtrack.,"The Art of War is one of the greatest classics of military literature ever written. The ancient Chinese military treatise is attributed to Sun Tzu, a military general and strategist. The book is structured into 13 chapters, covering all aspects of warfare from planning and alliances to maneuver, terrain and espionage.","This DLC contains the campaign &amp;quot;Jump Start Tournament&amp;quot; of the Early Access version. It is accessible to all 3 racer manufacturers and offers 5 tiers with many challenges, boss fights and unlocks, which are available only in this DLC!","Pick a direction and set sail across an infinite sea filled with pirates, bosses, buried treasure, quests, and many mysterious places. Discover and upgrade new ships, loot rare armor and weapons, hunt and fish for food and resources, and take on epic adventures all in a procedural world.","Salt is an open world exploration game where you sail across an infinite ocean and explore the islands you discover. Fight pirates and bosses, loot rare items, hunt and fish for resources, and take on quests all in a procedurally generated world.",Sublevel Zero is a first-person roguelike six-degree-of-freedom shooter set in a universe where reality is falling apart. Take control of a lone gunship pilot whose mission is to loot and craft ancient technology.,"You are bread. Your mission, become toast! Take on all hazards to deliciousness as you head on an epic adventure in one of the the toughest games ever baked. All of the game modes (including Bagel Race) are now unlocked so there's sure to be something to suit everyone's taste!","There's no Salvation from this army! Can you survive this furiously fast, kill-for-money, real-time blood-fest?","I met her in her penthouse, expecting payment for the freelance job-and perhaps a little more. But I got more than I bargained for. I'm now part of an exclusive fraternity that moves catlike in the night through a world of high technology and senseless violence.","Deep in the twilight of the Black Forest, you and your companions crouch before the robber-knight's tower. Hans, the alchemist, places his mysterious potion by the door. Ebhard the friar implores Saint Dunstan to bless your weapons and armor. And you and Gretchen grip naked long swords, praying your plate mail won't squeak.","Newly-crowned King of Callahach! It's been twenty years since your father saved the world by entrapping the evil Sorcerer Sanwe. Now the spell is waning. Sanwe's malevolent force will soon consume the land, and only you can stop him!","Enter Japan in the age of warring states. At the center of this role-playing, action-adventure simulation of combat, statesmanship and intrigue, you are a samurai warrior struggling for honor!","In Journey of the King, you are an adventurer in a medieval Fantasy world. During your journey you will gain companions and fight alongside them against old and new enemies alike. With every step into the unknown world, you will discover new adventures that will entertain and challenge you.","Experience an all-new old adventure! Fight your way through hordes of strange, silly, and scary monsters! Explore the caves, castles, and dungeons of an ancient evil! Meet warriors, princes, pirates, zombies, and crazy old woodsmen in a huge world of epic retro adventure!","Join Ogden and the heroes of Westeria in this classic JRPG epic, Dragon Fantasy: The Black Tome of Ice. Travel through the frozen wastelands of Tundaria and defeat oncoming hordes of demons and huge bosses that threaten the entire world of Dragon Fantasy.",Arcknight Games present:Cobblestone City and the Fireside Inn!Dozens of high quality battlemaps of buildings and roads to create a sprawling cityscape.,"Arcknight Games present:The Graystone CastleDozens of high quality battlemaps of great halls, rooms, corridors, and battlements to build a castle. Includes both furnished and unfurnished maps.Great for any occasion in a castle of course! From daring escapes, to great sieges, to political assassination plots.","Arcknight Games present:The Winding CavernsDozens of high quality battlemaps of twisting caverns, forked passages, caves, cavern openings, cliff faces and more that you can use for caves and tunnels.Great for any occasion in natural caverns.",Tales Runner is a wonderfully bright and cheerful racing game set in a world where your favorite fairy tales come to life! Challenge your friends and take some friendly competition to the next level. Race through your favorite fairy tales from all over the world!,"Reflex is a competitive Arena FPS that combines modern tech with the speed, precision and freedom of a 90s shooter. If you sunk countless hours into the Quake or Unreal series, Reflex will feel like a welcome return of the old school shooter feel.","A challenging godlike village simulator designed to bridge the gap between the complexities of village simulation with the simplicity of classic 90s real-time strategy. Inspired by games like Towns, Gnomoria, Warcraft, Banished and Dwarf Fortress but not quite like any of them. Updated frequently.","A unique blend of RPG and puzzle await you in this epic adventure! Guns and magic against monsters, vampires, demons, heroes and unknown worlds.",The Original Soundtrack to Shelter,The free starter pack offers the perfect introduction into an exciting world full of dragons and adventure. A helpful XP bonus and a little pet will make your first hours in the game all the more fun.,The aerofly RC 7 Professional Edition upgrade includes the following new features compared to the Standard Edition:Over 130 new and unique RC modelsOver 30 new sceneries from various places around the worldRecording/Playback featureHeli TrainerModels are instantly scaleableMultiplayer capability with Voice chat,The aerofly RC 7 Ultimate Edition upgrade includes the following new features compared to the Standard Edition:Over 160 new and unique RC modelsOver 40 new sceneries from various places around the worldRecording/Playback featureAir RaceTorque TrainerHeli TrainerF3A gridPosition guideModels are instantly scaleableMultiplayer capability wit,"The Definitive Enhanced Soundtrack in a stunning four BUNG-FULL discs. The OST, Remixes &amp;amp; unused tracks... And the famous ESD (Enhanced Soundtrack Disc) to be played along with your Pier Solar cartridge.","This is a &amp;quot;Living&amp;quot; Soundtrack for Rise to Ruins. It will receive content updates just like the game will, as we add more music to the game we'll also add more music to the Soundtrack!","Wild Season is a farming-life sim that takes its foundations from the greats within the farming simulation, visual novel, and RPG genres and delivers them with a twist. Rebuild your farm to its former glory and beyond, befriend the townspeople and maybe find your one true love (of either gender!), and solve the secret of Bedford Valley.","Here's the soundtrack -- hope you guys enjoy it! It contains about 36 separate tracks (with a bonus piano theme not played in the game), although some of them are just short cues. I'd say the OST to A Bird Story is more meticulously fitted compared to To the Moon -- it has more carefully time-matched themes as opposed to ones that...",&amp;quot;Leviathan: The Last Day of the Decade&amp;quot; is a detective story told by a dweller of a cruel dark fantasy world affected by the pandemic. The world ruled by a five noble-born kins under the suzerainty of the undead Plague King.,"A pipetastic pack full of pipes!!!! Shoot your balls up them, drop your balls inside, pretend the ball is a hamster and let your imagination run wild!!","The sports pack contains 5 trickshot objects that we felt had a sporty influence, including the diamond and triangle, a basket ball hoop and the box with a hole in the middle that you can drop your balls in - that ones just for fun!",As a dock worker in &amp;quot;Logistics Company” it’s up to you to move thousands of tons of cargo and goods and make sure that they’re shipped on time! Build your tiny warehouse into a major logistics hub and expand it bit by bit with new cargo terminals.,A priceless vase is lost on a distant planet that doesn't exist! An irate colonel wants it back! And only one man is experienced enough... skilled enough... and foolish enough to retrieve it! Interstellar adventurer and bungling bachelor Rex Nebular!,Colonize A Planet. Dominate A World.,"Build your empire upon the bodies of others! Deadlock II: Shrine wars is an exciting game of strategy, resource management and military conquest. Take control of one of seven races as you search for the secret power an ancient civilization.","It's 2066 and the world is a different place. While the privileged insiders live in fertile domed cities, the rest of us fight for survival in the wastelands. Rival gangs battle for supremacy, turf control and valuable resources. In order for a young man to succeed he must make the right choices about his future.","It's 500 years in the future. Man and machine are virtually on and the greatest megacity in the world is locked in a brutal war. You are the ultimate saboteur and part of an elite fighting force. Your mission: steal the largest, most sophisticated bio-mechanical attack weapon ever designed ...and kick some serious ass!","Do you want to be a elegant Elf? Pick up a Twilight Guardian Pack that exclusively made for Elf Hunter. This pack includes costumes, dyes, experience booster and assistant item for reinforcing. The package will be delivered to the mail box of the first character you log into after you make your purchase.","Potatoman will put your reflexes and worldview to the test as you journey through scorching deserts, dark forests, busy cities, the tallest mountains and eventually your own potato-consciousness in search of the ultimate answer. Are you prepared to face the TROOF?","Monsters and Monocles is a frantic top-down shooter for 1-4 players. Use teamwork and your arsenal of weapons to defeat the overwhelming hordes of evil, either locally or online. All the levels are procedurally generated with new layouts, objectives, and secrets each time you play.","The 2014 Halloween pack is jammed full of everything you need to not only look stylish and festive, but to also blend in with the ghoulish ghosts and frightful undead of Spooky Town! This pack contains not only several new costumes, but several masks, bonus inventory space, and several goodies that every villager and hero can use.","PirateHell is a fast arcade shooter set in golden age of piracy. Take command of a sturdy vessel and fight your way to gold, loot and all the pretty things a pirate likes.","As the world's second-greatest jewel thief, you must steal the Black Cat, the world's unluckiest diamond, in this thrilling interactive heist caper novel.","As the world's second-greatest jewel thief, you must steal the Black Cat, the world's unluckiest diamond, in this thrilling interactive heist caper novel.","Woodle Tree is an old school platform game with a catchy and unique art style! Explore a total of 6 worlds and save the lands with the magical water drops you'll find through your journey, bringing back peace and balance and finally becoming the new hero!","Take on the role of Tactics, leading a rebel faction to overthrow a powerful corporation controlling the virtual city of Markov Geist. Control an elite strike team of futuristic soldiers; plot paths and issue orders to your units, test your plans and predict your opponent in each turn.","What would happen if a concert of a female rock band was invaded by a horde of zombies? The answer to that question can be found in this videogame which combines both, classic gameplay from the Arcade Golden Age with colorful 3D graphics.","The Carrot Kingdom's adorable hamsters have been enchanted by an evil curse. Hungry for the King's carrots during the day and human flesh at night, you must defeat this cute and lovable menace.","Deer Hunt Legends features some of the wildest beasts found around the world. Hunt for legendary animals like woolly rhinos, saber-toothed cats, and more!",Crab Cakes Rescue is a wacky puzzle game unlike any other. Find unlikely paths through nearly 100 zany levels by shedding your shell and building blocks where obstacles occur!,"The digital special edition includes over 90 unpublished original concept drawings of the developer from the 80s, as png, pdf booklet containing the concept drawings, a &amp;quot;Making of&amp;quot; pdf, and the original Gold Rush! Classic.","[Alpha] Explore, hunt, be hunted, kill, destroy, build... Fight in a colorful, devastated world that everyone is trying to take for themselves. Do it yours, but remember your main goal at the start of the day; try to survive one last day.","Ever wondered what would happen if you crossed Scrabble with an RPG? Now you don't have to, because Letter Quest is here! Help Grimm and Rose, a couple of adorable grim reapers, defeat monsters, ghosts, evil bunnies and more using the power of words!","Are you ready to sit in the Captain’s Chair?From the creators of Vincere Totus Astrum comes a universe of exploration and adventure. As the Captain of your own Starship begin your journey of literally endless worlds by first selecting and editing your randomly generated race and ship, then set out for the stars.","SanctuaryRPG: Black Edition is a humorous and strategic turn-based dungeon crawling ASCII adventure. Drawing heavy inspiration from both Roguelikes and Japanese RPGs, the game offers a robust action-RPG inspired combat system.","Guide bobble-headed ignoramuses through a labyrinth before dawn. Puzzle game filled with bobble-headed non-glittering lemming-like vampires, traps, crazy music and a real challenge for serious players.",Let Prophour23 stay longer with you. Half an hour of neo-classical music from the game is a perfect soundtrack for reflections about your interior.,"Rugby Union Team Manager 2015 immerses you in the world of Rugby management. Battle your way through season after season; securing success both on and off the field. Pleasing the fans, and the star players whilst maintaining the backing of the boardroom. You are in complete control!",Organ Trail: Director's Cut Original Soundtrack 22 tracks including 2 bonus tracks not used in the game. Written and Produced by Ben Crossbones.,"If you've ever wanted to step into the front office of your favorite pro hoops team this is your chance! Draft Day Sports: Pro Basketball 4 puts you in charge of your favorite professional basketball franchise. Draft, trade, sign players in free agency, and build your team into the next championship dynasty.","Embark on a breathtakingly exciting expedition to a distant world and venture into uncharted territory. When on a faraway planet, total destruction threatens ALL!","TAKE YOUR CHESS GAME TO NEW LEVELS! Whether you're a beginner, club player or professional Grandmaster, FRITZ FOR FUN 13 has what you need!",Feel the power of really flying a B-17! See what it was like to be part of the 10-man crew on dangerous bombing missions over occupied Europe.,"Down below, the enemy sits unaware while a sleek, metallic creature slices through the dark. No blips show on the radar, no sign is given. Then, an instant, the roar of exploding ordnance shatters the night, demolishing targets, sending troops and pilots scrambling.","The catapult officer calls for full afterburner. 50,000 pounds of thrust spools behind you as your F-14 strains for release. Less than three seconds later your Tomcat screams through the air at 150 knots. You climb to meet your wingman, then head off to join the fight.","The Deer God is a breathtaking 3D pixel art adventure that will challenge your religion and your platforming skills. It's a game about survival, reincarnation, and karma; all set in a breathtaking and unique 3D pixelized world. Feast your eyes on the beautiful lighting, day and night system, and vast landscapes.","In Koya Rift, the player must enter a hostile planet and destroy an alien race so the planet can be colonized. Each game, the player is dropped off at the surface and must venture into procedurally generated caves, earning upgrades and buying units as he goes along.","What if there were virtual realms that exist just beyond our reach? What if an online game became the bridge? The worlds are changing rapidly, with each side vying for a position that will secure their realm's future. In the coming war, on which side do you stand?","Face up to the toil, struggle, pain, strife and hardships of leadership in the latest expansion for Crusader Kings II. Developed by award winning Paradox Development Studios. The latest iteration to the franchise follows in the proud tradition of introducing defining new game elements to the narrative.","Enhance your Crusader Kings II experience with the Iberian Unit Pack. The Iberian Unit Pack adds seven new, unique unit models for Castillan, Catalan, Portuguese, Visigoth and Italian rulers.","Crusader Kings II: Iberian Portraits contains thousands of unique face combinations for male and female characters of the Castillan, Catalan, Portuguese, Visigoth and Italian cultures.","This is the ultimate collection of short stories of historical drama and intrigue, set in the era of the Crusader Kings II computer game by Paradox Development Studio. Bestselling author Steven Savile is joined by eleven other writers, each telling a tale of battles, banquets, betrayals and bedchambers.","Battlegrounds of Eldhelm is an indie, online, free-to-play CCG (collectible card game) / RPG (role playing game). It is heavily influenced by RPGs and borrows some mechanics and ideas. The result is a fascinating mixture between role playing game and a classic card collection game.",Dungeon Kingdom: Sign of the Moon is a modern real-time dungeon crawling RPG. Immerse yourself in a fantastic adventure in the lands of Pohe Fakesys and investigate the cause of the returning chaos and darkness.,"The FPS Weapons Pack provides a small arsenal of game-ready weapons, with no coding required. Each weapon includes sounds, effects, and scripted behavior to make it ready-to-use in your Leadwerks games.","From the creators of Puzzle Quest, play the new Puzzle/RPG/Strategy mash-up, GEMS OF WAR! Match gems to power your spells, and match skulls to smite your enemies! It’s easy to learn yet has tons of depth.","A spaceship building and universe-exploration game. Collect resources, expand and grow your fleet, and conquer your personal galaxy. Stellar ambience by Peaks.","Soundtrack for Vampires: Guide Them to Safety! (Playtime 21:17, 9 songs) Available both as MP3 files and High quality 24bit FLAC...",Take to the skies and fly past mountains in a wingsuit. Try to hug the cliffs at over 250 km/h or cruise at high altitudes and admire the scenery.,"Astray is a first-person horror/puzzle game set in an abandoned museum based on unusual cultures, legends, and supernatural themes. But something more sinister lurks beneath the surface..","Play as Doug McGrave, famous demon hunter for hire. Highest level, bestest gear, ruggedly handsome, and unrepentant jerk. For refusing to aid one stinking demon-infested town, you are immediately – and deservedly – cursed. Your powers, your wealth, and your weapons… Poof! Gone.","Setting the bar as the definitive tower defense game, Defense Grid 2 introduces new worlds and threats to test your tower placement strategies. With a bold new look and the addition of new game modes. Try the first chapter today for free.",,"A Medieval Real-Time Strategy game combining classic RTS elements with modern fast-paced, epic scale single and multiplayer battles across beautifully rendered 3D maps.",Tile Miner is a top down sandbox adventure game.,Co-op or single player arcade game full of delightful music. Designed to bring casual and hardcore players together.,"In this pulse-pounding arcade style shoot 'em up, players control giant armored robots, loaded with hi-tech weaponry. Chose from two types of mechs: the PLG-90, armed with a high-tech laser rifle or the NúllPunktur with the Vibroblade!","Sam Tanner finds herself inside a strange facility, where she discovers a device that can bend physics: the Catalyst. With the Catalyst, she must navigate the ruins of the facility, and hopefully find a way back home.","Immerse yourself in the music featured in Propelled Bird's TesserAct. 14 tracks are featured, ranging from ambient electronic tracks to ambient guitar, recorded between electronic artist &amp;quot;a beagle&amp;quot; and composer Stuart Tow.","New costumes, monster skins, level decorations, a spooky soundtrack, and a lot of pumpkins. Transform Vertical Drop Heroes HD into the ultimate Halloween experience!","In Stealth Inc 2, you play the role of a clone escaping a sinister and high-tech testing facility. Stealth Inc 2 tests both your brain and your reflexes over 60 varied levels linked together in a sprawling overworld.","When the Deadly Six threaten to destroy his world, Sonic’s new moves &amp;amp; power-ups are the only way to defeat them before it’s too late!","Test your dinosaur jump-jet skills with a game that redefines the platformer genre, aptly renaming it &amp;quot;platflyer.&amp;quot; Simply put, you're a t-rex with rocket boots trying to save earth from an incoming asteroid. Do you have what it takes to stop it?","In a close futuristic world, follow Snow Light a professional of espionage missions, and travel all over the globe to places such as Turkmenistan, Russia and England.",Phantom Breaker: Battle Grounds! Enjoy fast and frantic arcade-style beat 'em up gameplay with cute characters. Beat up hordes of weird enemies with awesome special attacks. Local co-op and PVP supported for up to 4 players!,"SPACECOM – a strategic-to-the-bone, starfleet command game in which deception, smart movement, and choices to battle decide victory or defeat.","Eternal Lords is the major, second expansion for the acclaimed strategy game Age of Wonders III, marking one year of continuous development since its release. With the introduction of the Tigran and Frostling races and the new Necromancer class, players must adapt to a world on the brink of cataclysmic change.","This scenario spans over ten years of tough fighting and guerrilla in the difficult mountains of Northern Spain, when the Romans under Emperor Augustus try to subdue the last remaining independent Hispanian tribes in Asturia and Cantabria, from 29 BC to 19 BC.","This short and epic scenario covers the 3 years of the famous gladiators and slaves revolt led by Spartacus that brought the Roman republic to a major crisis between 73 and 70 BC. Players can either select Rome or the famous Spartacus in a fast-paced and active struggle, where each side will have to achieve hard-to-reach objectives: Rome...",The legendary Major League Baseball franchise returns to the diamond. Make History.,Armoured combat from D-day to the end of the war in Europe!,"In this fast-paced game of strategic global conquest from award-winning game designer Dan Bunten, you'll control your own superpower as you attempt to outguess and overcome opposing superpowers in World Wars I, II, III IV, and V!",Explode into action!,"You are Alan 'The Bear' Westmoreland, Marine Corps sergeant. The trouble starts on a deadly Viet Cong raid. Here the jungle is your battleground. Your mission, survive.",The all-new Silent Service II A State Of The Art Simulation Of Submarines In World War II!,"A Long Lance torpedo rips through the hull of your flagship. Huge columns of water from enemy gunfire surround your battleships. It's just another day in Task Force 1942, the first in a new series of spectacular World War II Pacific War simulations from MicroProse.",BasketBelle is an experimental 2D basketball-based platformer where each Chapter uses the mechanics and idea of basketball in a different way.,The wonderful original soundtrack from Chariot by Interactive Sound &amp;amp; Fury and SkewSound. Featuring all 16 original music tracks from the game as well as 3 additional bonus tracks.,Sneak &amp;amp; battle your way through a procedurally generated mothership in this stealth action RPG! Supports user content &amp;amp; the Oculus Rift!,BECOME MASTER OF THE KROSMOZ! Challenge players over the world in a tactical board game of strategy and epic battles! Discover more than a hundred fighters and face down your enemies in ruthless battles.,Old School Modern 2 was created to help you achieve the nostalgic ambiance of the retro pixel design.,Feel yourself get carried away to the exotic locations of the Far East.,Master the atmosphere with this unique sound pack.,"You are on a bleak, cold, windy island. And you seem to be alone... but fires and candles still burn. As you explore, a story of guilt, loneliness, and faith begins to take shape. And it becomes increasingly obvious that something is hunting you...","Catlateral Damage is a first-person destructive cat simulator where you play as a cat on a rampage, knocking as much stuff onto the ground as possible.","MyRPG is the software for the creation of your own role playing 3D worlds. It allows you to imagine and build your own play areas, your own GUI and your own adventures, without a single line of code. MyRPG is composed of many editors that meet all the needs of a role playing game creation.","Ambitious dungeon simulator with roguelike and RPG elements. Take the role of an evil wizard and study the methods of black magic. Equip your minions and explore the world, murder innocent villagers and burn their homes. Build your dungeon, lay traps and prepare for an assault of angry heroes.","ASA: A Space Adventure is a first-person sci-fi adventure game reminiscent of games such as the famous Myst series. Visit a vast spaceship called The Ark, divided into 6 areas, and discover the truth behind the Cubes...","Kingdoms CCG is an exciting, feature-rich trading card game featuring 27 unique heroes, over 900 cards, guilds, crafting and tournaments with prizes! Find your Kingdom and join the battle for control of the fantasy world of Euna. Victory awaits!","Children of Morta is a narrative driven hack and slash roguelike. Take on the role of a member of the Bergson family, the Guardians of Mount Morta, as you fight desperately against the Corruption. Experience not only what it means to be a hero, but to be part of a family that bears the weight of the mountain together.","Create spectacular-looking movies in native 4K (ultra HD). Produce 3D video with innovative stereoscopic 3D editing tools. Add finesse, effects, a soundtrack, titles and much more to your video.","Scavenge modules, combine them in the deadliest and most efficient ways imaginable, and fly your very own spaceship through alien space with BossConstructor. Thousands of procedurally generated galaxies await you and your space-faring collection of assembled modules to explore them.","Pix the Cat is a critically acclaimed intense arcade game that will challenge your reflexes and your wits, pitting you against your friends and the world in a race to the highest score!",Only two dreams remain as Victor inches closer to shutting the dream machine down once and for all.,Slay monsters. Defeat epic bosses. Collect magical gear. Become a Warlock and save the universe.,"The King’s Ransom is a beautifully embossed, exquisitely designed classic chip set.","Life on Earth is unsustainable. Humanity must seek a new home but the only planet found is very hostile. You were sent on a expedition to slay the monsters inhabiting the surface of this planet. In this adventure you end up being the villain. Game contains two basic controls, many puzzles and lots of guns and enemies.","Reload is a realistic weapons and tactics trainer for one to four players that also happens to be a super fun, super fast playing game. Go through 35+ training scenarios including Hostage Rescue, Sniping, VIP Protection, and Olympic Style Shooting competition.","Grandia II is back and better than ever! The classic Japanese RPG returns with enhanced visuals, new difficulty level, and features both keyboard and gamepad support!","Based on the award-winning graphic novel series published by Dark Horse, uncover the supernatural mysteries of Lisbon's underworld in 'The Interactive Adventures of Dog Mendonça &amp;amp; Pizzaboy'! Take control of Pizza Boy and explore a brand new story in the Dog Mendonça universe!","Draw magical runes on the screen and see their power vanquish your opponents. Understand the strengths and weaknesses of the runes to unleash their full potential. The road to power is a dangerous one, but with the right combination of strategy and skill the throne could be yours!","Gather resources, construct space ships and stations, produce fuel, generate energy, trade between stations, complete contracts or fight with pirates in a 2D world where everything in constant orbital motion, without &amp;quot;air friction&amp;quot; and without maximum speed limits.","&amp;quot;Over The Void&amp;quot; is an experience, an exploration of a strange, beautiful and sometimes psychedelic universe!",Dive into an explorable water world where Elders are mysteriously being trapped in crystal prisons. The freedom of the elders depends on a single naive little spirit to explore and find a way to release them.,"The Onikira Bonus Contents Pack includes 4 tracks from the Onikira Soundtrack, to be expanded upon throughout Early Access. Contents from this pack can be found in your Steam game directory under Soundtrack.",The Onikira Bonus Contents Pack includes exclusive 74 concept art digital images from Digital Furnace Games. Contents from this pack can be found in your Steam game directory under Bonus Content.,"Tail Drift is a fast action racing game where you zoom through fantastic environments. Compete while flying around floating islands, ancient temples and desert canyons, with a fleet of unique planes to take through a variety of game modes.",Noct is a 2D top-down multiplayer survival horror game that blends arcade combat with RPG survival elements. You are a survivor of the apocalyptic purge that formed the desolate wasteland now known as Noct.,"Combat in Shark Attack Deathmatch 2 is savage, gritty and brutal. Players hunt each other down in various game modes with the constant threat of terrifying sharks joining in on the bloodshed.Tear divers apart as you take on the the role as the ocean's top apex predator, The Great White.","A guerilla war has been raging in space for centuries. Human colonies are breaking away from Earth's control, declaring independence from the Commonwealth. As a Commonwealth Navy commander, your mission is to stop the Indie rebels and their attacks of terror and random piracy.","A game of fantasy guild management! In It's A Wipe! you assume the role of a guild leader within a fantasy game world. You must recruit other players, lead them to victory against increasingly difficult odds, and make sure that your group remains happy enough to stick with you!",Explore the dangerous underground depths with this unique soundscape pack.Soundscapes: Underworld is a collection of themes that amp up the atmospheres of your project. Each theme contains a variety of sound effects and ambient elements that provide the perfect background sound.,Are you ready for some tricks and treats?,"The enticing call of darkness is difficult to ignore, and these characters have embraced their dark side.Created by the Japanese illustrator Katakura Hibiki, this character contains 16 brand new characters. Each design is complete with a character sprite, faceset, battler and portrait - including a variety of emotions and moods.","A planetary physics game that challenges you to master the powers of the universe. Use orbital mechanics to maneuver the trajectories of moons, with the powers of changing gravity, creating black holes, forming wormholes, and even shooting lasers!","Fast-paced and furious arena combat, where split-second reactions are essential to dodge flying discs as they ricochet around at breakneck speed. Brave formidable single player adventures or meet up with your friends and challenge them to intense local multiplayer battles.",Solar Struggle is an arcade space shooter with a thrilling story and a challenging skirmish mode.,The original Quantum Rush: Champions soundtracks.,"You are the commander of either NATO or Soviet forces locked in battle on the ground in 1980’s Central Europe. As commander, it is your task to provide the battle plan orders to your units. You need to know your mission objectives, strength and weakness of both your forces and you enemy, lay of the land, weather, and time of day in order...","Five new levels set in a variety of unique and highly dangerous theme, along with a new game mode to boot. You must have the base game Cloudbuilt on Steam in order to play.",Running Shadow is a unique mix of both a runner and a fantasy RPG. Prepare yourself for an exciting adventure in a mythical world full of mystery and intrigue. Prove your worth as a skilled thief and assassin by using your rich arsenal of weapons and skills!,"The fastest AG VR racer! Climb into the cockpit of a futuristic race craft and tear up the anti-gravity track. Offering single &amp;amp; multi-player action, Radial-G delivers full immersion combat racing on tubular tracks featuring gut-wrenching twists, jumps, splits &amp;amp; unique inverted racing.","The Original Soundtrack for The Moon Sliver, plus an extra track that wasn't included in the final game.","Team up with Turing, the world's first sapient machine, as you become embroiled in the darkest scandal of 2064.","11 years had passed since World War 3 and as the mutants begin to threaten human civilizations, humanity faces a great jeopardy. Ultimately, 'World Government' and its leaders spend their very last hope on the newly recruited volunteers to save mankind from the tragic apocalypse.","Give your chess board a steampowered twist with this Steampunk game pack. Inspired by Victoria era science fiction, this pack features a steampunk Zeppelin and set of splendid chess...",Discover your true identity and face a mysterious entity from another dimension!,"Fate Core is a tabletop roleplaying game about proactive, capable people who lead dramatic lives. Create your characters and develop instant group dynamics with our unique phased char gen system. Use those characters as a springboard to storytelling in our GM worldbuilding chapters.",Passing Pineview Forest is a free mini-prequel set in the universe of Pineview Drive. Behind the abandoned house on Pineview Drive lies ominous Pineview Forest...,"Boundless is an epic voxel sandbox where everyone (all players, in all physical locations, on all platforms) inhabits a single online universe. Boundless is a universe built by its players.","Play as Lightning McQueen, a rookie racecar looking to win fame and fortune at the Piston Cup Championship, in the video game adaptation of Disney•Pixar's Cars.",Step into the Highlands of Tarethiel as the Fallen Paladin and find your way to Satan and take him out before his minions destroy the kingdom!,Step into the Highlands of Tarethiel as the Fallen Paladin and find your way to Satan and take him out before his minions destroy the kingdom!,"Throw on your invisibility cloak and put your reflexes to the test in this brutal precision platformer brimming with espionage, intrigue, and betrayal! Featuring an Original Soundtrack by Grammy Award Winner RAC.","Strap it on and lock 'n' load in Grass Simulator, where you will Shoot, Loot and MOO! your way through multiple game modes revolved around...GRASS! Grass Simulator will revolutionize the way you look at grass.","Bolt Riley is a a classic 2D point and click Jamaican Reggae adventure game where you play as Bolt Riley, a poor boy from Trenchtown, Jamaica, on his pathway to stardom. Bolt is struggling to survive and has to deal with a gang of Rude Boys.","Thief Town is a local multiplayer stealth action game set in a pixel-perfect rendition of the Wild West. Lurk in the crowd, emulate non-player characters, and achieve backstabbing victory.","Original soundtrack to the high-speed hack &amp;amp; slash action game Croixleur Sigma, created by souvenir circ. and localized into English and published by Nyu Media Ltd.","Original soundtrack to the frenetic bullet-reflection shooting game RefleX, created by SITER SKAIN and localized into English and published by Nyu Media Ltd. Includes bonus items: CD front cover art, CD back cover art, CD label in hi-res PNG format. Tracklist: 1. The Tale of ALLTYNEX 2nd Chapter: Prologue 2. Briefing 3.","Original soundtrack to the multi-perspective arcade shooting game ETHER VAPOR Remaster, created by Edelweiss and localized into English and published by Nyu Media Ltd.","Original soundtrack to the combo crazy brawler Fairy Bloom Freesia, created by Edelweiss and localized into English and published by Nyu Media Ltd.","Regain your riches, restore your honour and avenge your father's murder. A challenging trading game with lots of RPG elements.","Summer's here! In a world where humans and youkai coexist, three young shrine maidens, Kaede, Sanae and Yuu, continue their adventures fighting against mischievous youkai in their sophomore year in this fully voiced action rhythm game.","Dive to the bottom of the sea and find various hidden items in this hidden-object game. 20+ sea creatures, 10 locations, 3 game modes, special items and amazing 3D graphics. Easy and funny game for kids!","A surreal puzzle platformer that's as beautiful as it is challenging – discover two beings entwined by fate, a girl and her soulmate, left to travel through a hauntingly elegant world...","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new wild outfits for Ryu, Ken, Akuma, Gouken, and Dan.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new wild outfits for Zangief, E.Honda, Rufus, Abel, and El Fuerte.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new wild outfits for M.Bison, Sagat, Vega, Balrog, and Seth.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new wild outfits for Guile, Blanka, Dhalsim, Gen, and Fei Long.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new wild outfits for Chun-Li, C.Viper, Sakura, Rose, and Cammy.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new wild outfits for Hakan, Makoto, Guy, Dudley, and Dee Jay.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new wild outfits for Juri, Ibuki, Cody, Adon, and T.Hawk.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new wild outfits for Yun, Yang, Evil Ryu, and Oni.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new wild outfits for Rolento, Elena, Poison, Hugo, and Decapre.","Enter the post-apocalyptic world of Heavy Metal Machines, an ONLINE and FREE MULTIPLAYER game that unites action, car-chases, and battles in an extremely competitive setting. Meet our Metal City and all our characters in this game that is much more than a MOBA.","Coffee Stain Studios brings next-gen MMO simulation to Goat Simulator. You no longer have to fantasize about being a simulated goat in a simulated MMO, your dreams have finally come true!","Unlock 16 characters, expand your shop, enchant your gears, and defend against waves of enemies in a brand new, fast-paced, anime-themed Strategy Defense Game! Become Mindy's savior and help her end her never ending nightmare.",Explore the infernal abyss of Luna in this action packed RPG Platformer. Confront your dark past and forge your own transformation from being a self-centered disaster to a hero that can change the world. As your party forms a courageous family of rejects you may even find love.,"bitDungeon II is fast action-adventure game with a giant overworld to explore. You are a spirit in an undead world of demons. Your &amp;quot;loved one's &amp;quot; grave has been desecrated. Fight through these corrupted lands, and bring peace to her soul.","Based off the 2003 feature film, Disney•Pixar's Finding Nemo, play as Marlin and Nemo in two separate major story lines!","Rooms: The Unsolvable Puzzle is a unique puzzle game inspired by sliding puzzles and platformer games. In a twisted mansion made of rooms that slide like sliding puzzle, player should find a way to the exit by moving rooms and using what's inside them.",Visual novel loved by many – Everlasting Summer – now on Steam!,An ex-minister ventures through the frozen depths of Hell in search of his kidnapped daughter.,"Executive Assault is an indie real-time strategy/first-person shooter where you can not only build your base and create armies, but also take control of your units and fight as one of them.",Amphora is a peculiar puzzle game that mixes story elements and physics. Amphora presents you with an unfamiliar world with a striking visual style inspired by all the shadow theatre traditions and colors of the world.,The original soundtrack from Oblivious Garden ~Carmina Burana. All files are in 320kbps MP3 format.,Winged Sakura: Mindy's Arc Official Soundtrack.,Go to catch the bad thief! Just explore in the awesome world!,"Visit a first-person, abstract landscape of bleeding technicolor wonder, armed with a camera, curiosity, and freedom. Explore at your own pace or experience the story that has confounded players and critics alike. Get lost in another reality.","Enjoy the original story of ONE PIECE from Fuschia Village to the mysterious kingdom of Dressrosa. Will your resolution be strong enough to defeat the most dangerous pirates, including Doflamingo and many more?",You have just been appointed the head of a new Movie Studio and have been given 10 (now 50) years to make it the most successful studio around. You are up against seven other computer controlled Studios all trying to be the best Studio in the world!,Anodyne's soundtrack.,"Yes, it's the game literally... SOME of you asked for! And so, in the spirit of &amp;quot;well, alright then, if you insist...&amp;quot; we present the third game in the Carmageddon series, in the knowledge that some of you Carma fans out there would like to have a complete Carmageddon collection in your Steam library. Nothing wrong with that.",The team behind YOU DON’T KNOW JACK presents FIVE guffaw-inducing party games in one pack! You’re gonna need more than one party for this. Your phones or tablets are your controllers! For 1-100 players!,It’s 1986 in California. A group of friends discover a mysterious pink stone that allows to travel between two realms. This gang will live the summer of their lives in an adventure that will get them involved in a government conspiracy. Control five kids with specials skills while fighting and solving puzzles.,"No saving! No checkpoints! No mercy! 50 levels of pure evil, traps, secrets and a lot of ways to die! We challenge every single gamer to complete this game! It's not if you can beat it, but how far you can get! A game that will make you ask WHY SO EVIL...","Command your Squad of Survivors in a game where Line of Sight is extremely important, you cannot shoot what you cannot see. Develop your formations, move as a unit and cover every corner. Leave no man behind!","Based on the 2008 computer animated film from Pixar Animation Studios, the video game version of WALL-E involves playing as the lonely robot as he navigates a trash-tainted world and begins an unlikely trek across the cosmos.",Don your cape and mask and join the Supreme League of Patriots in this hilarious and irreverent superhero comedy adventure!,"Time, Space and Parallel Universes collapse and merge, tethered to threads of reality and sustained by a paradoxical power source. Nothing is impossible - it is time to become a Data Hacker.","Enter the world of a professional race car driver and experience the 2014 Championship season in the most authentic simulation to date. DTM Experience 2014 brings all 23 cars and 9 tracks from the 2014 race season to your PC. Ten races stand between you and becoming a DTM champion, enjoy the drive!",Transform into a bird and fly to explore and experience a vibrant world of floating islands in the sky. Venture down into lost ancient ruins where each step leads you closer to the end of the world.,"Get ready for the big ones! This stunning simulator puts you in the front seat of a serious car workshop specialized in servicing trucks. With over 100 interactive parts per truck, this highly detailed title is not for the lightweight!","The Veteran Pack is the only place to get your hands on exclusive head along with sufficient amount of upgrade components, sparks and credits for further customizing your lethal machines.","The Terminator Pack provides players with unique body, not purchasable separately and 7 days VIP account with many perks that goes along with this bundle. Enjoy!","The Epic Pack features unique Gladiator Set with 8 parts, not purchasable separately that will make you stand out of the crowd! Also, One Month VIP account and other perks that go along with this bundle. Enjoy!","The South Seas are calling! Summer, sun, beach, and palm trees. Who doesn't pine for a life in the southern clime? This dream is now coming true. Transform a pristine beach into a popular travel destination by using strategic skill and economical thinking. Give free rein to your creativity!",Airline Tycoon Deluxe is a funny economy simulation proceeding in realtime and assigning you the complete responsibility for an airline.,The R&amp;amp;D Pack DLC provides a separate Test Chamber where all the blocks are available for players to build whatever they can imagine. The blocks include the very latest ones that have recently been created by the development team in the form of Experimental Corporation blocks.,"Rune LoreWith Rune Lore we present a new class, the rune mark, over 40 magical runes and everything needed to integrate runic magic into your Castles &amp;amp; Crusades game. Included within Rune Lore are over a dozen short adventures, a host of new magic items, new monsters and a campaign setting, the Gottland, to house it all.",Disney's Treasure Planet: Battle at Procyon is a 3D RTS game focusing on space combat.,"Last Inua is an immersive and emotional platform adventure game developed by Glowforth. A captivating experience, Last Inua tells the tale of an Inuit family’s fight for survival in the harsh elements of the mythical Arctic. The Tonrar, a demonic trickster, has awoken in the arctic.","The call has gone out, the mustering of militias is at hand and the Blacktooth Ridge beckons to any and all willing to come to their aid and discover what is calling forth these foul creatures. For 3-5 characters, levels 1-3.","The Barren Wood is a wild place of intrigue, banditry and adventure! The Slag Heap is continues the adventures set out in Assault on Blacktooth Ridge, but can be played independent of that adventure. For 3-5 characters, levels 2-4. The Adventure continues!","For 3-5 characters, levels 3-5. The Adventure continues! This is a continuation of A1 Assault on Blacktooth Ridge and A2: Slag Heap.","From the makers of the Castles &amp;amp; Crusades roleplaying game comes the fourth adventure for heroes of great renown in a war of intrigue and devilish doublecrossing. For 3-5 characters, levels 4-6. The Adventure continues!","From the makers of the Castles &amp;amp; Crusades roleplaying game comes the fifth adventure for your champions discover the intentions of a cabal of wicked priests. For 3-5 characters, levels 5-7. The Adventure continues!","Magnetic By Nature's original score by award-winning CTA Emmy composer Lance Montgomery mixes a calming, contemplative ambience with heart-pounding synthetic tracks. Experience the vivid machine age world of Magnetic By Nature with 16 electronic melodies, over an hour of music including bonus DLC tracks! 1. Magnetic Opening 2.","School of Dragons® is a MMORPG based on DreamWorks Animation’s How to Train Your Dragon franchise. Players raise and train their own dragon, interact with characters from the HTTYD franchise, join clans and embark upon journeys and quests alongside their Viking pals in-game.",Enter the ‘League of Super Sports Cars’ and experience the thrill of GT3 class racing with ADAC GT Masters 2014 and RaceRoom.,This add-on brings the new side missions to every main-story contract. 17 missions in total!,"Rogue-like platformer/shooter with destructible levels and bosses, and procedurally generated levels and enemies.",Explore and uncover the mystery of a surreal alien world by blasting aliens and glitching your environment in this intense retro side-scrolling action/adventure.,The Original Soundtracks for both Chivalry: Medieval Warfare and Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior by Ryan Patrick Buckley.,"Set in a futuristic Odyssey, &amp;quot;The Next Penelope&amp;quot; is a fast paced action racing game with loud colors, an original story and a challenging risk-reward system. Weapons can be mixed and used at any time, but all these abilities cost vital energy!","Mater is holding a national race festival allowing racers from all around the world to challenge Lightning McQueen. Along with racing against the new characters, players can explore the world of Radiator Springs and Lightning McQueen's racing headquarters.",War is coming. How will you serve?,"Blast off to adventure with these 25 BGM tracks! Explore lost worlds, battle cybernetic foes, or delve into the heart of the machine with this futuristic music pack.Tune your sensors to receive this transmission of 25 BGM tracks that will carry you into the far flung future!","Blasters, beeps and bots are just a fraction of the futuristic frequencies you'll find in this auditory anthology of the sounds of science fiction!","Sleek high-tech machinery, metal and glowing lights are at a core of this fantastic new pack.","Big or small, every mystery needs a detective to solve it. And every detective needs a proper music theme.","Experience a galaxy of Worlds made entirely from LEGO bricks. EXPLORE gigantic landscapes, DISCOVER countless surprises, and CREATE anything you can imagine by building with LEGO bricks.",CAN YOU SAVE THE SCIENTISTS ON APOXUS PRIME?PixelJunk™ Shooter Ultimate is a twin-stick shooter with equal elements of action and puzzle solving.,"Immerse yourself in the music from Frozen Synapse Prime, a fusion of lo-fi electronica and highly-polished dance music.",Hone your shooting skills and engage in ranged combat with the seven new weapons in the Arma 3 Marksmen DLC.,"Spriter makes it easy for anyone, regardless of experience, to create 2D game animations using a technique called Modular Animation. Individual sprite pieces can be attached to bones and then easily animated with the powerful, yet easy to use toolset.","In a world where humans and youkai coexist, uppity second year shrine maiden student Kaede Yamabuki finds herself in a pinch as the winter recess starts. A pair of strange glasses found in the woods leads her to her toughest challenge yet: falling in love.","Ready for a huge adventure? Welcome to the magical world of Asguaard, and delve into an RPG that can span over 100 hours! Dwarves in the cold region of Roya believe that only a human with a soul can overcome the dreaded Thanatos and its Pandora Box... are you this one?","16-bit RPG magic is back! Can you stop the Wastelands from spreading and overtaking the world? Play as Marcus, Bastien and Fela, 3 army conscripts with little liking for their new life, yet who find themselves engulfed in a mystery that could very well cause the demise of their nation.","Girlfriend Rescue is a thrilling adventure where the gameplay of &amp;quot;Dragon Quest&amp;quot; meets the atmosphere of &amp;quot;Streets of Rage&amp;quot;. Innovative, mixing rogue-style RPG and Beat 'em Up atmosphere in a unique way, this game features a great deal of strategy through a mix of character selection and creative skills.","What kind of danger can a mother face to rescue her child? Moonchild is a unique and enthralling 16-bit style RPG adventure featuring 9 amazing characters, plenty of sidequests and countless items and spells.",,Making History - The Great War Demo: Play the free demo as Austria Hungary in a scenario where the assassination of your Archduke leads down a path where your decisions could ignite a global conflict!,"Phoenix Force is a shoot 'em up about a group of phoenixes that fight big and strong mythological creatures in over 100 levels. It takes the boss battle as the foundation for every level, creating engaging and challenging fast battles that will require your best strategies and reflexes.","Welcome Admiral! Select your fleet, assign weapons, and sink the enemy fleet by controlling each of your ships down to setting the aim and range of each weapon's shot. Features include full open world Pacific &amp;amp; Atlantic campaigns, cross-platform multiplayer and awesome turn-based naval battles.","GRAV is a sand box experience where you explore a multitude of planets, hunt strange alien creatures, build and defend outposts, craft weapons and armor, and attempt to survive against other players in a hostile environment.","Shütshimi is a randomized shoot'em up about a muscle-bound fish with memory problems defending the seven seas. Defeat or navigate through waves of enemies, collecting new upgrades every 10 seconds that change up the gameplay as you battle your way through each of the game's bosses.","We Slay Monsters streamlines traditional roguelike RPG gameplay and introduces a unique poker-esque card based combat mechanic. Each class (Wizard, Rogue, Warrior) has a unique deck of cards; using this deck you will guide your hero through the dungeon.","Amazing Frog? is a Hardcore Parkour openworld buffet of bonkers physics sandbox gameplay.Welcome to the town of Swindon, SwindonShire. Home to flatulant super hero, Amazing Frog? a 20Km Landscape A whole bunch of vehicles 4 player split screen Oculus VR support.","Explore strange new worlds and enjoy unique adventures in Mimpi! Mimpi is fantastic new adventure, puzzle, and platformer game.  The game is like a psychedelic illustration come alive.  Mimpi the dog is searching for his master in eight diverse worlds. The environment is seldom repetitive, the puzzles are always new.","A lighthearted hybrid of a point-and-click adventure and a metroidvania platformer, the game takes place in a spooky, ancient Hagmore School of Magic on the night of an important ritual. The preparations are sabotaged, and you, Belle Macfae have been scapegoated into fixing it.","A robot, a poncho and a journey of discovery! Make your way through this wonderful world of pixelated parallax platforming to solve the ultimate puzzle: who is Poncho?",&amp;quot;unbearable... this place stinks... i need to get out of here. the boat is waiting for me.,The Exiled is a fast-paced PvP game set in a forsaken valley. Game worlds last for up to one month. Open PvP and Full Loot mean that you will to constantly balance risk and reward. Find a group of friends and form a clan to thrive in the valley.,"1Quest is a roguelike, a challenging turn based RPG with high replay value","Barbarian Brawl is a fast-paced, third-person multiplayer brawler, where hoards of angry, dangerous and hungry Barbarians are out to fight, kill and eat ham... Possibly not in that order.","Thomas Brush's Original Soundtrack for Pinstripe, featuring 25 haunting and beautiful tracks.","Imaginary friends do battle in the mind of young Timmy Bibble! Who will be victorious in this arena of improbable dimensions, where no two rooms are the same and bullets bounce forever?! Get your buddies together for the ultimate showdown in this bullet hell party game!",National Zombie Park is a survival-roguelike game with procedurally generated world filled with zombies. Any second can become your last in this dangerous area. You always have to think twice before making another shot - bullets are extremely hard to find and the bang noises can attract even more zombies.,"Welcome back to the new and improved Freddy Fazbear's Pizza! As always, Fazbear Entertainment is not responsible for death or dismemberment.","For the past few years, you've been writing bestselling novels based on the stories you've heard told by the ghosts who visit you at midnight. But tonight you have a special visitor, Abraham Lincoln, the 16th President of the United States! Go back in time and find the treasure of the Knights of the Golden Circle!","Prelogate is a logic puzzle game. Solve puzzles by redirecting laser beams, mixing them and controlling them with logic gates.",Your bullets are your own worst enemy in this never seen before puzzle SHMUP.Avoid 100 of your bullets in a small ring as they bounce off different kinds of barriers. Skillfully control your bullet pattern to outsmart the walls and break through to the next level!,"Storm United is a class-based multiplayer First Person Shooter bringing top tier competitive FPS fun through 6 different game modes, 4 distinct classes, 30+ weapons and a variety of available maps.","No matter how many hours of Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes you’ve played, the Battlegrounds DLC will present you with new frontiers to conquer.",Looking for music that's slightly mysterious and puzzling? We've got the perfect pack!,"Do you love seeing maps with detailed towns and buildings, but lack the artistic skill to create them yourself? Then this pack is just for you.",The main objective of the game is to survive in the taiga.,This pack raises the level cap to level 99 and adds popular Steins;Gate character Makise Kurisu as a playable fighter. El Psy Congroo!,"A physics puzzle game like no other! You are inside the big old machine. There are rusty gears and shafts all around you, along with interactive objects such as planks and cubes. Use each object and place the wheel on the platform – easy!","Have you got what it takes to try out this challenging, intense and fast paced action-platform game? Think fast and think quick of where you are running as the tiles will start to disappear the moment you walked on it and the obstacles will be in your way to block you or knock you over. You can run. You can dash.","A kleptomaniac, a sociopath and a horrible friend. Randal is potentially one of the most scurrile protagonists since the invention of the hoverboard. Randal's Monday is a crazy space-time odyssey in classic adventure design, spiced up with countless geek culture references of the last 30 years.",The Wildlife Announcer is a new announcer for for Awesomenauts.,The Coco Nebulon Announcer is a new announcer for for Awesomenauts.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Sheriff Lonestar in Awesomenauts. You need to have Sheriff Lonestar available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,You have just been appointed the head of a new Movie Studio and have been given 10 years to make it the most successful studio around. You are up against seven other computer controlled Studios all trying to be the best Studio in the world!,Choose your giant monster! Destroy cities around the world! Rule the Earth in this light action-strategy game that harkens back to the classic PC monster city-stomping games of yesteryear!,"Cherry Tree High I! My! Girls! is a linear visual novel that picks up the story from the popular adventure game Cherry Tree High Comedy Club. Cherry Tree High I! My! Girls! continues the story of Cherry Tree High Comedy Club, adding new areas, new music, and three new characters to the roster!",Reveal the story of the sky tower! Forward to the Sky is a third person action adventure game in the sky tower ruin. You are going to collect all the crystal pieces to connect the story and everything will be revealed once Princess reaches the top level.,"Marvin's Mittens presents a soothing world to explore, free from enemies and danger. Go on an adventure!","Mos is back, in her biggest and most exciting adventure ever! Wall-jump to victory through 30 mysterious, action packed levels!","ADOM (Ancient Domains Of Mystery) is one of the most successful roguelike games ever created, boasting a brilliant mix of story, RPG, exploration, and intensely strategic and flexible combat. The Steam version adds various Deluxe features like achievements, difficulty level customization and various play modes (e.g.","A physics puzzle game like no other! You are inside the big old machine. There are rusty gears and shafts all around you, along with interactive objects such as planks and cubes. Use each object and place the wheel on the platform – easy!",The official soundtrack for Sneaky Sneaky.,"Explore the island of Namok and its dungeon, both of them full of adventures, dangers and big bosses. Craft new armors, weapons, potions, etc... Meet the crazy townfolks and discover the secrets that lie beneath Namok.","Explore space and build on other worlds in Star Rangers!Star Rangers is a space exploration and construction game that allows players to build habitats and spacecraft, acquire gear and explore the solar system.","Cults and Daggers is a strategy game set in the time between the death of the Buddha and the birth of Christ. You create your own religion and fight a secret war for the soul of the world. The game includes, spies, assassinations, double dealing, occult forces, martyrs, prophets and blasphemers.","SilverQuest: Gaiden is an incredibly moddable old-school roguelike. Add and expand on your experience with other users monsters, quests, biomes and more with ease!",The first campaign of the series - Battle of Empires: France - is devoted to the battles between the French and German armies on the Western Front.,An extensive 125-page strategy guide for Whisper of a Rose!,"Cossacks 3 is a rare combination of war, economy, army developing, building and upgrading that couldn’t be found in any game for the last 15 years. This deep RTS gameplay will return old fans in the golden ages of the genre and give newcomers a unique experience.","Walter Jones, a billionaire had planned on opening up a resort for the rich and famous, but was killed before his dream could be achieved. It's up to Detective Jack Norm to crack the case by interviewing the people on Sinking Island to get valuable clues.",BlazBlue: Continuum Shift Extend - Japanese Voice Pack,"Replay: VHS is not dead is a puzzle/ platform game, set in a movie-based universe. Record your characters’ movements. Use the remote control powers to bend time. Change character and play again to combine their actions.",,"Isbarah is a cross-genre of bullet hell and platformer style, it's a hardcore 2d game and each level is a duel boss fight. Players will need to fully understand the boss patterns. It’s built on smartly managing your powers and to use them wisely to survive - everything in our game involves dodging and making smart movements.","Blood Drive 3: Range War! is the final adventure in a series that spans one of the longest, most danger-fraught cattle drives in the Weird West! Head ’em up and move ’em out as your posse becomes hardened trail hands fighting for their cattle, their land, and even their lives!","Buy votes, make free trade agreements, manipulate the IMF, extract wealth, ruin everything. The map is upside-down.","Slow Down, Bull is an action collecting game. Steer Esteban, a stressed-out overachieving bull, to collect as many crafty pieces as you can, but be careful! Every time you steer him, he gets a little more stressed out, and you DON'T want to stress him out!","Caves of Qud is a science fantasy roguelike epic steeped in retrofuturism, deep simulation, and swathes of sentient plants. Come inhabit an exotic world and chisel through layers of thousand-year-old civilizations.","Pahelika: Revelations is the quintessential Fantasy Adventure, focussing on Exploration &amp;amp; Puzzle solving. Set in an alternate reality where magic co-exists with science, Pahelika: Revelations takes you on the fantastical quest undertaken by Sudesh Budkoti, the protagonist of the Pahelika series.","Towers of Altrac is a 3D Tower Defense cooperation game for up to 4 players with an innovative A.I. system “S.A.D.”, which makes your enemies intelligent . Fight against the horde of Goblins, Orcs, Dragons and other monsters on 62 unique maps. The game is for every level of player experience.",Music to get lost in the woods with; also known as the remarkable full soundtrack to ULTRAWORLD and it's add-on EXODUS,"Epanalepsis is a narrative-focused adventure game that tells a story about those connections across sixty years and beyond that pays equal homage to New Wave science fiction, cyberpunk dystopian stories, and the art cinema of the early 1990s.","Chuck's Challenge 3D: Happy Holidays DLC includes: Snow Effects, 4 different Festive Hats for Woop and all the Pets.",01 - Title Theme - Chris Huelsbeck - 03:59 02 - Credits - Chris Huelsbeck - 03:17 03 - Overworld - Fabian Del Priore - 02:23 04 - Underworld - Fabian Del Priore - 02:38 05 - Amethyst - Chris Huelsbeck - 03:40 06 - Ruby - Chris Huelsbeck - 03:48 07 - Citrine - Chris Huelsbeck - 03:06 08 - Topaz - Chris Huelsbeck - 03:57 09 - Opal - Fabian ,"Dark Gates is a game which tries to capture classic tabletop RPG experience. As a player you need to assemble a party of six heroes, select spells for them and send them on the quest to the labyrinth. Somewhere in that maze an evil mage created Dark Gates and now gates are open.",The Falling Sun is a horror game set in the under appreciated location of late WW2 Burma. Keep your wits sharp as the environment holds many surprises – and beware of what lurks in the dark. Take on the role of a young British officer tasked with discovering the fate of an armoured division.,"Explore the dark underbelly of a massive wine cellar contested with cult bandits, traps, and paranormal bosses. Select from an array of different characters with unique abilities, and opportunities for customization.","This art pack is loaded with over 105 professionally drawn and animated, ready to use impact effects, explosions, fireballs, puffs of smoke and dust, magic effects, lightning effects, bonus and pick-up effects, blood splatters and more.","This art pack includes a robustly animated platformer player character, ready to walk, run, slide, crouch, flip, and swim his (or her) way through the world you create. Also included are several fully animated basic enemies, a couple of boss-like characters and a few effects.","This art pack includes a robustly animated and heavily armored platformer player character, ready to walk, run, crouch, flip, block, swing, throw and swim his (or her) way through the world you create. Also included are several basic enemies, a couple of boss-like characters and a few effects.","This art pack includes a robustly animated and armored run n’ gun player character, ready to walk, run, shoot, slide, crouch, flip, and swim his (or her) way through the world you create. Also included are several fully animated basic enemies, a couple of boss-like characters and a few effects.",The Pewdieverse DLC contains Pewdiepie FaceRig Avatar. The DLC requires the base application FaceRig on Steam in order to run.,A set of scrolls for advanced skills.,A new mission set that unlocks custom parts and original weapons.,A set of metal for forging blades.,A set of hard to get weapons in one bundle.,A set of hard to get weapons in one bundle.,A set of hard to get weapons in one bundle.,"A set of custom parts, original weapons and new missions.",A new mission set that unlocks custom parts and original weapons.,"Franchise Hockey Manager 2, from the makers of the award-winning Out of the Park Baseball, is a sports management game that puts you in charge of your favourite hockey team. If you've ever looked at the decisions your team has made and thought &amp;quot;I could do better,&amp;quot; this is the game for you!",YOU WILL FEEL-A-MAZE!,"Braveland Wizard - old school turn-based strategy game is back! The graduate of the Academy of Magic is ready for new adventures. Her journey begins high in the mountains and passes through the southern lands, populated by orcs, ghosts, and mysterious nomads.","With the Pain in the Neck Bundle you will adventure through EverQuest II as a ferocious Freeblood Player Race. In addition to playing this amazing race, you will also get your claws on the Power of the Freeblood appearance weapon. This allows you to use a claw-attack appearance and animation in place of equipped weapons.",The Going Batty Bundle allows you to adventure through EQII as a ferocious Freeblood. You will also get your claws on the Power of the Freeblood appearance weapon and a unique flying mount where you travel through Norrath as a cloud of bats!,"Get a jumpstart on your EverQuest II adventures with the Potent Potion Bundle. This includes two 4-hour 100% XP potions and one 2-hour double status potion! You can now level to 100 in EverQuest II, so this bundle is sure to help you get to max level!","Paragon 1 Expansion Pack4E Fantasy Token PackThis product is an installable module containing tokens for use with the Fantasy Ground virtual tabletop. This pack contains image tokens suitable for ALL paragon tier monsters from the FIRST core 4E monster book, or for use with any game system which uses Fantasy creatures.",Work together or die alone! Fight to restore peace to London or tear it down for profit in the most challenging team based shooter around.,"Medieval Engineers is a sandbox game about engineering, construction and the maintenance of architectural works and mechanical equipment using medieval technology. Players build castles; construct mechanical devices and underground mining. There is an entire planet to explore!",A Druid's Duel is a fast paced turn-based strategy game set in a world of Celtic lore where players can create and destroy the board by harnessing the power of nature.,"In Tokyo’s popular ”Electric Town” district, Akihabara, vampires called “Synthisters” walk among us. You must identify and dispose of them the only way you know how – by engaging them in hand-to-hand combat in order to strip them of their clothes so their bodies melt away in the sunlight.","An online RPG with the story and turn-based combat of a classic fantasy tabletop campaign. Play solo or in co-op parties of up to four players. Adventure together in real time, or take your turns separately at your leisure.",A must have DLC. Watch the award winning short movie in all its unholy glory.,Epic Arena is a free-to-play turn-based strategy game. Pick one of three completely different teams and outwit your opponent in epic back-and-forth matches. Flex your tactical muscles in time-limited Blitz mode matches or take your time in turn-by-turn duels.,"42 Players Start. Only 1 will survive.Down to One is a competitive survival shooter in a large, interactive, open-world environment. Start out with nothing, and use anything you can find in the environment to survive, and eliminate other competitors over the course of a brutal round.","Experience terrors only madness can conjure in HEKTOR, a psychological horror game set in a world that literally moves with your every twist and turn.",This Extra Character Pack for 100% Orange Juice adds 2 new playable characters from developer Orange_Juice's games - Saki from ‘Suguri’ and Kyousuke from ‘QP shooting - Dangerous!!’ .,This is the official soundtrack of Shadows: Heretic Kingdoms written and composed by Dynamedion.,Extreme Exorcism is a paranormal platformer where every move you make comes back to haunt you.,"Leap into EverQuest in style with your very own Grassland Tiger mount, a powerful XP potion, and a bundle of valuable armor and jewelry!",Jump straight to Level 85 in EverQuest and experience they high level content in the latest Hero’s Forge armor!,"Begin your Adventure through EverQuest at Level 85 with the Hero’s Calling bundle. This bundle provides the latest Hero’s Forge Armor, a huge 36-slot bag, and a powerful XP potion!","There is no better way to adventure through EverQuest than with the Warrior’s Edge Bundle. This amazing value provides a Level 85 character, Pegasus Mount, Fallen Knight Illusion, 2 36-Slot Bags, Hero’s Forge Armor powerful XP potion and a pack of Bayle Marks!",Armikrog is a unique stop motion clay animated point and click adventure game from the creators of Earthworm Jim and the Neverhood. Unravel the mysteries of the fortress that holds Tommynaut and his blind alien talking dog Beak-Beak captive through exploration and puzzle solving!,"Roche Fusion is a retro, over the top space shooter. An all you can shoot buffet; fast paced and procedurally generated; with crazy waves of enemies, awesome upgrades and wicked boss-fights! Also: Explosions. Lots of explosions.",17 dark tracks make up the official soundtrack for The Fall. total running time in 30 minutes!,Take a father’s journey to hell in order to save the souls of his wife and child. Insanity's Blade: The Chronicles of Thurstan is the first in a series of games based around the journey of a sword possessed by a father's powerful grief and hatred. This is the tale of the sword's creation.,Fortified is an explosive strategy shooter where players will defend the Earth against a menacing Martian invasion in the 1950s. Play as one-of-four pulp inspired heroes as they fight swarms of terrifying robots with an arsenal of Cold War era weapons and experimental technology.,"Inspired by the party games Werewolf and Mafia, Town of Salem is a game of murder, mystery and deception.","A steampunk visual novel and puzzle game set in Permia - a world in the depths of an ice age. Dougal, a wandering alchemist, gets in over his head when he competes against several eccentric individuals for the ultimate treasure.","Take command of humanity’s last survivors and rebuild an empire among the stars. In this immersive turn-based strategy game, you must lead the refugees of the great Exodus to a new home in hostile space and build a new galaxy-spanning civilization.","After a freak storm over the Atlantic, you find yourself stranded on the shores of a mysterious island. Do you have what it takes to escape the Lost Sea?","Gates of Horizon is a space conquest online game.During your space journey you will gain power over the universe leading fleets, improving and managing crew and assets, taking control of entire sectors with your corporation and fighting the alien menace that threatens the human race.",The best new puzzle game around is ready to challenge you! Are you ready to take on the 30 levels of Fake Colours?,"Team Fortress 2 Free Avatars DLC containsMedic, Sniper, Heavy, Scout, Spy, Demoman, Soldier, Pyro and Miss Pauling. Some other TF2 characters may be added later. The DLC requires the base application FaceRig on Steam in order to run.Team Fortress assets are © Valve.",Don't Move is an experimental puzzle platformer with a focus on ludonarrative dissonance and player investment manipulation.,Singleplayer science fiction game focusing on interacting and communicating with alien species. You can either fight or try to find a way to communicate.,Our Darker Purpose - The Official Soundtrackby Nate Fenwick SmithNOTE: Soundtrack does not include Sad Piano by Alex G (can be downloaded free here: https://www.jamendo.com/en/list/a74117/sad-piano)1. Welcome to Edgewood 02:082. Through the Gates 02:493. To Die Alone 00:124. Behind the Red Door 02:525. Victory! For Now... 00:476.,"Cruise the treacherous terrains of New Eden with the Racer Premium Pack! This bundle includes The Bumblebee MGV, 25 Security Keys, 30 Days of VIP, 100 Red Beans, and an Exclusive Title, “Racer.","Soar to new heights and get to your destination in blazing speed with the Rocketeer Premium Pack! This bundle includes the Rocketeer’s Wings glider, 25 Security Keys, 30 Days of VIP, 100 Red Beans, and an Exclusive Title, “Rocketeer.","JUMP, developed by Endeavor One Inc., enjoy the first large scale virtual reality jumping puzzle to utilize the awesome power of SteamVR! JUMP is a VR Only experience!","Out There is an award-winning space exploration game blending roguelike, resource management and interactive fiction.",Help Robinson Crusoe survive!,"1679 – After escaping the inhabited island, Robinson Crusoe sets sail for Brazil. Four weeks later, however, he and his friend Friday encounter an uncharted land mass. Something strange happens with their hands, with cursed spots appearing over them. Voodoo magic smells in the air.",A great danger threatens the kingdom – the dragon has devastated our lands. Help a gentle Fool defeat the Dragon and become a Hero. Win the heart of the princess in this fantastic adventure tale of good and evil.,"Original soundtrack to the bullet hell game &amp;quot;eXceed - Gun Bullet Children&amp;quot;, created by Tennen-sozai and localized into English and published by Nyu Media Ltd.","Original soundtrack to the bullet hell game &amp;quot;eXceed 2nd - Vampire REX&amp;quot;, created by Tennen-sozai and localized into English and published by Nyu Media Ltd.","Original soundtrack to the outstanding bullet hell game &amp;quot;eXceed 3rd - Jade Penetrate Black Package&amp;quot;, created by Tennen-sozai and localized into English and published by Nyu Media Ltd.","Join the Galactic Tournament in this fast-paced comical action shooter. Level-up your Hero and unlock an arsenal of weapons. Lay waste to your friends and foes in local, LAN and online multiplayer matches, or hone your skills in single player and custom games.",Enter a seventies science fiction utopia with hand-drawn levels and characters. A platformer adventure with a soundtrack from the past. Are you ready for 1977?,Practice soccer and other sports the way they are meant to be played: sitting on a couch with your friends! Soccertron is a local multiplayer sports game for up to 4 players with a simple premise: Kick the ball or your friends to win the match!,"Squirrel-based Hardcore 2D Platformer. Save the Squirrel population from the evil robotic Squirrel, Shadowtail!","Ilamentia is a first-person actiony puzzler, featuring 96 challenging mind-bender levels. Some rooms focus on brain-melting logic, others rely on sharp reactions, but many more will test the limits of every facet of your cognitive faculties.",The Deluxe Pack DLC Upgrade contains all of the extras in the Deluxe version that are not in the standard edition. If you have purchased any of the characters/weapons/dungeons prior to purchasing DLC - you will not get duplicates!,"Featuring cars from the Touring, Road, Prototype, and GT disciplines, the Limited Edition Car Pack contains five legendary cars with a combined top speed of over 1200 km/h and 2000+ horsepower!","Add three limited-run custom machines to your garage with the Modified Car Pack – the Pagani Zonda Cinque Roadster, Ariel Atom 3 Mugen, and the all-new Ruf CTR3 SMS-R.","Expand your Prototype and GT rosters with two uncompromising and beautiful machines from the prestigious heritage of Bentley – the Speed 8 and Continental GT3 - and three further racing icons: the Le Mans-winning BMW V12 LMR and McLaren F1 GTR, and the Mercedes-Benz CLK LM. All have prestigious history in the world of motorsports.","The first Track Expansion for Project CARS includes Prototype and GT cars from Audi, and a new location to race at: New Zealand motor racing circuit Ruapuna Park…","Featuring three retro machines and their modern-day counterparts, the Old Vs New Car Pack showcases the lineage of three major manufacturers - Ford, BMW, and Ruf","Project CARS continues its commitment to deliver fresh new content and updates via its ON DEMAND programme today with the release of the Stanceworks Track Expansion featuring two modified vehicles from the renowned car culture enthusiasts, Mad Mike Whiddett’s insane MX-5 RadBul Formula Drift car, &amp;amp; the KTM X-Bow R, as well as a brand-","The Aston Martin Track Expansion features three legendary Aston Martin cars and an exciting new location to drive them on - the Mojave private testing ground! Comprising of 5 race layouts and a special open Test Track layout, players can freely practice and test their car’s performance/handling on Banked Oval, Drag Strip, Hillclimb, Skid...",Project CARS continues its commitment to deliver fresh new content and updates via its ON DEMAND programme today with the release of the Classic Lotus Track Expansion featuring four historic Classic Team Lotus cars and three historic locations to drive them on.,"Project CARS continues its programme of continual updates and delivery of fresh new content with the release of the fan-requested Japanese Car Pack featuring two amazing Mitsubishi machines, 2014 Toyota Le Mans hybrid, the 2012 Toyota GT86/Toyota 86, and the latest Rocket Bunny Editions of both the Toyota GT-86 and Scion FR-S.",Project CARS continues its programme of continual updates and delivery of fresh new content with the release of the Renault Sport Car Pack featuring five breathtaking machines from the legendary performance and special vehicles division of Renault.,Project CARS continues its commitment to deliver fresh new content and updates via its ON DEMAND programme today with the release of the Pagani Nürburgring Combined Track Expansion featuring two beautiful vehicles from the stable of Horatio Pagani !,Project CARS - US Race Car Pack includes : - 2015 Chevrolet Corvette C7.R - 2015 Cadillac ATS-V.,,"Entropy Rising is a first-person physics-based puzzle game set in a weird world filled with mysterious flying orbs and oversized measurement devices. Control the forces of gravity, electricity, fire, water and acid. If anything goes wrong simply travel backwards through time.","Drive to Hell is an action-packed shooter where you'll take a ride through an army of monsters to exact revenge on the Demon King for destroying your favorite dive bar. Enemies assault from all sides, each with its own special personality and attack style.","1931: Scheherazade at the Library of Pergamum is the latest story-driven RPG from Black Chicken Studios, inc., spinning tales of pulp adventure, exotic locations, occult horror, and romance that'll require well-honed skills.","Rogue-like platformer/shooter with destructible levels and bosses, and procedurally generated levels and enemies.","Meet Yoku, the pint-sized postman protagonist of Yoku's Island Express! Use a unique blend of pinball mechanics, platforming and open world exploration to unlock the secrets of Mokumana Island, help the locals, awaken ancient deities and much more in this amazing new tropical adventure!","Based on a 3D version of mathematician John Conway's &amp;quot;Game of Life,&amp;quot; the game puts the player in a biological world that is uncannily alive.",Saviors Original Sound Track,Into Blue Valley is a first-person exploration game drawing upon themes of mystery and curiosity. It is presented as a 'found footage' game with the player's view resembling a camcorder recording showing a glipmse into the subdued environment that is being explored.,The official Tesla Breaks the World! Soundtrack is now available for FREE to all owners of the game!,"TORMENTUM is a dark Point &amp;amp; Click adventure game.The dreamlike, nightmarish atmosphere of the game was inspired by works of painters H.R. Giger and Zdzislaw Beksinski. The game's final look and feel was also strongly influenced by the universes of games such as Demon's Souls or Dark Seed.",Welcome to helm! Steam and Metal — scroll shooter in the steampunk world. Hordes of steam enemies and huge bosses are waiting to be destroyed. Spectacular levels of handcrafted pixels waiting for someone to pass through them. When there are too many enemies — just shoot 'em all up!,Total War™: ATTILA – Viking Forefathers Culture PackAbout the DLC: The Viking Forefathers Culture Pack adds The Norsemen as a new playable culture to Total War™: ATTILA. These factions may be used in Single or Multiplayer Campaign modes and Custom and Multiplayer battles.,"Become one of today's world leaders and change the world order!WARNING: Our special 80% discount is limited only to the 10,000 first players! Do not wait!","Spider-Man’s greatest enemy is ready for a fight! After Spidey rejected an alien Symbiote, it needed another host to survive and chose Eddie Brock, sensing that they have one thing in common: an intense hatred of Spider-Man. Together, they are Venom!","VRC Pro takes you deep into the world of cutting edge, modern RC cars. You can race up to 15 different RC cars on real existing mini race tracks all around the world; all fully customizable &amp;amp; tunable.","Relax, don't panic, be brave. Reach as many cities as you can by piloting a ship on a perpetually assembling road suspended over a stylized and surreal landscape, while taking sharp corners, evading hazards and rushing through speedfreak modes. A hard electro-beat game.","Dwarf Tower is a turn-based tactics game of tower building and spellcasting. Each turn you develop your tower by placing blocks, constructing rooms, and play various spells. Your tower can have Libraries (store spells), Crystals (generate mana), Dwarf Dwellings (give you dwarves to repair the tower) and some other rooms.",You’ve never seen a 10th anniversary party like this one before! There’s only one way to properly celebrate a decade of crazy inventions – with even crazier inventions! This special anniversary DLC for Crazy Machines 2 includes 23 new parts and levels to add to your inventor’s toolkit!,"A true role-playing adventure. Set in the icy Staglands, this party-based CRPG has you take the role of a trapped god on a perilous journey across a beautiful, deadly peninsula.","Magic Barrage - Bitferno is a top down style free to play action MMORPG with intense PvP and PvE combat. Play as one of the 8 classes and go on an epic adventure to save, or destroy the world.","Official Soundtrack for Potatoman Seeks the Troof, +2 Bonus Tracks","The ultimate space sandbox. Participate in epic fleet battles, form alliances, strive to dominate entire galaxies and harness the universe’s resources for your industrious empire or the destruction of others. Customise your experience, the universe is yours!","200% Mixed Juice! is the 10th Anniversary game of OrangeJuice, an old school RPG featuring a 200% mix of OrangeJuice characters.",ManaCollect is an action packed take on the classic Minesweeper as an action/puzzle game. Two contestants compete on a grid based arena to collect hidden mana by following numbered hints and unleash special attacks to drain their opponents mana.,"Rift's Cave is an adventure/puzzle solving Virtual Reality game for the Oculus Rift. You will live an epic adventure exploring fantasy environments, solving mysteries and using your magic skills to defend yourself from what lies within.",A puzzle-game telling the story of a little girls struggle to restore a broken sky.,"Transformice is an MMO platformer about dozens of mice running to bring back the cheese! Will the almighty Shaman help you or just ruin everything? Millions of levels, hectic physics, skill trees, and more importantly... hats!",Playable Imperial Fists ChapterThe Devastating Tarantula Sentry TurretShield of Retribution Campaign with 15 New Story Missions and 20 New Flash Missions,"Extend your gaming experience with the first official extension for Farming Simulator 15! This DLC contains new Trailer equipment from ITRunner, Bergmann and Farmtech.","With Eisenbahn X you can build complex railway worlds on your PC or notebook and it is possible to control trains as a train driver. You can control the entire rail traffic with a sophisticated signal system. Build train consists from steam, diesel and electric locomotives, passenger and freight cars.","Brick-Force is a sandbox shooter that lets you BUILD your own battlefields, SHARE them with other players, and PLAY many challenging game modes in fast-paced PvP matches!","Soundtrack, HEYA!!! Enjoy the awesome songs composed by GSTF the Goat Musician Genius! Goat Simulator 1. Dead Goatland (1:02) 2. Goat Chill (6:14) 3. Klad Get (4:00) 4. Everyday Goat (1:53) 5. Cabrito Park (1:16) 6. Goat Trap (3:37) 7. Goat Storm (26:47) Goat MMO Simulator 1. Goatshire (6:37) 2. Goatwind City (4:26) 3. Alvesta (4:01) 4.","The amazing soundtrack by Leonard Hummer, featuring everything from the calm sounds of LOEK III to intense music that will get your blood pumping – these 30 tracks will definitely get you in the mood for killing Lumes.",RTS Creator is the easiest way to create Real Time Strategy games.,Small tales add up to create a history that is all your own. Your mission is to seize the key of fate and build the history of this land.This game is only available in Japanese.,"Grimoire is a multiplayer mage FPS where unique spells put a twist on classic shooter action. Scorch your enemies, vanish into thin air, or turn to stone with dozens of powerful spells at your fingertips! WARNING: This game will be Free-to-Play after Early Access please only purchase to support.","Dungeon Shooter 2 combines a bullet hell shooter with random monster spawns, and random level generation to create a fun and challenging experience. You are in a dungeon full of monsters, zombies, troopers, and turrets. Your goal is to find the key to get out while killing and looting to survive.","Fight, outwit and explore in Orlandes City as you uncover a conspiracy in this Gamebook Adventure where YOU control the story!",Search for a ruthless assassin in this Gamebook Adventure where YOU control the story!,"This set contains 6 diesel locomotives in high detail, including sound and cabviews.","This set contains 6 diesel locomotives in high detail, including sound and cabviews.","MODELSET 1 for Railroad XThis MODELSET contains 63 individual models consisting of a railway station, houses, townhouses and barns.","&amp;quot;Play as the newest adventurer to enter the Gauntlet - Lilith the Necromancer. Using her expertise in dark magic and her knowledge of the Book of the Dead, Lilith summons a pack of undead skeletons to rise from the ground and strike her enemies before they quickly vanish.",The original game soundtrack for Breakfall's game Marvin's Mittens.,"Cubicity is a physics-based puzzle game. You play the role of Seamus, a curious guy who can't seem to keep himself out of trouble. Help him figure out how to make it home in one piece!","Get thrown into randomly generated arenas that can only be seen by the light of the players and their weapons. Explore, collect weapons and upgrades, and do battle against your friends or the computer. Customize each game using a variety of configurable options.",The journey of the small beneficial cell reaches its final chapter!,"The Leadwerks Zombie Character Pack provides you with a horde of undead monsters to slay. Fight your way through the flesh-eating mob or pit them against each other in an all-zombie brawl to the death. All characters are fully scripted and ready to use in Leadwerks, with no programming required.",This is a full suite of editing tools that allows players to create their own maps and mods for the game.,What will you do if you can redo the last 7 days before you died? Try this unique supernatural mystery visual novel!,The miserable journey of a broken man...,What will you do if you can redo the last 7 days before you died? Try this unique supernatural mystery visual novel!,"dUpLicity ~Beyond the Lies~ is a romance mystery visual novel with romancable guys. Different with the usual dating sims, the main purpose of the game is to find out the truth hidden in the past.","Have you ever faced your worst nightmare? What if you have no choice but to move on and see what’s behind it? Then you’d better arm yourself with a couple of big guns, stock up on ammo and show them all what a real nightmare is!",Prepare to explore a mysterious manor house and the fog shrouded moors which encompass it. Solve puzzles and search for clues to discover the manor’s secrets and ultimately escape from Darkmoor.,"Tkl Online (TO) is an MMO-style single player RPG created with RPG Maker VX. You are a human in the world of Orbis Terrarum, in which monsters and magic are real. Orbis Terrarum is a free-roaming open world where you have the freedom to become anything you want.","Words for Evil is a fast paced word game combined with a fantasy RPG. It features everything you expect from an RPG, including combat, hero progression, loot and more, all built on top of word game mechanics.","Celebrating the fearless females of DC Comics, this collection of super heroines and villainesses features Raven, Starfire, Batwoman and more!","Behold an anime-themed land of wonders, friendship and skill, shrouded in the mysteries of an ancient world yours to explore. Forge relationships and find new friends, take up a job, or soar through the majestic skies as you rediscover a social MMORPG beloved by many around the world!","BAFTA award winning fleet-based RTS meets rogue-lite. In Distant Star: Revenant Fleet, build your fleet of up to 5 ships from a choice of 8 classes and traverse a randomly generated galaxy to defeat the Erebus Platform.","Goats on a Bridge adapts the classic Norwegian fairy tale, Three Billy Goats Gruff, as an inventive new platformer that has players controlling not one, but two goats at the same time.","After Reset RPG is an old-school hard sci-fi post-apocalyptic roleplaying game. An open world, developed with scientific accuracy and technical details. A nonlinear story with freedom of choice. A true hardcore CRPG game mechanics. Explore the wastes of the dead planet and forge your story!","Nanofights is an “Online Trading Card Game”, made for fast gameplay.","What is Angels of Fasaria?: Angels of Fasaria was originally released in 2005. With thousands of downloads and over 48 thousand active users in the browser based game, Angels of Fasaria maintained a loyal following and support base.","Ephemerid is a rock fairy tale about a paper mayfly. Part rhythm game, part point-and-click adventure, and part rock opera.","Atavism 2 On Premises opens up the development of 2D and 3D virtual online worlds and MMO games for all Unity projects. Integrated with the Unity engine as the client, developers now have direct access to one of the highly anticipated MMORPG engines in the market.","Mech Marines is a strategic game inspired by Metal Marines (SNES, 1993 by Namco Bandai Games). Build up your island with unique buildings. Defend it at all cost. Attack your opponent with missiles and figure out a leak in the defense to destroy the enemy's bases with your Mech Marines. Equip them with various weapons.","dUpLicity ~Beyond the Lies~ is a romance mystery visual novel with romancable guys. Different with the usual dating sims, the main purpose of the game is to find out the truth hidden in the past.",Take revenge for the kidnapping of your friend made by drug mafia!,Antisquad: Tasks in Mexico - Final is a new set of tactical puzzles for the 'Tactics' game mode.,Destroy the evil genius plans to launch ballistic missiles from North Korea. Prevent a catastrophe!,Prevent the mysterious capture of ship by pirates. Repel all attacks and discover the secret cargo.,"The only official MXGP game with all the riders and bikes in the MXGP class. Race as eight-time world champion Antonio Cairoli and show you've got what it takes, competing on all the official tracks, faithfully reproduced for the first time.","A delightful adventure featuring exploration and puzzle solving. Long ago, the ancient book of legend, Pahelika, was used to defeat an evil warrior-king. In order to protect the book from misuse it was later hidden in a sacred temple guarded by six magical portals.",A retro racing on crazy tracks – completely in the style of 8 and 16-bit classics. Enjoy the reinterpretation of old-school gameplay in combination with perfect controls and the driving beats of unique artist Bit Shifter!,Where CCG meets proper RPG combat.,"Raptor: Call of The Shadows is the most action-crazed, guns blazing, shoot ‘em up game you’ve ever played!","The first strike needs to be the most devastating! With this pack, your first shot will be a bullseye. No hesitation, no holding back – this will get you through any battlefield.","It is 1965 and the US ground war in Vietnam is in full swing. As a US Army commander, wage a counter-insurgency (COIN) war to secure the Ia Drang valley, on the border with Cambodia.",Sky Mercenaries - Fast paced action overdose with rpg elements,"After an Unidentified Flying Object becomes an Identified Grounded Object (it's a space ship) right in the heart of the Rooster Teeth studio, legions of zombie aliens (Zombiens) start coming out of the woodwork and get all hostile up in the studio.",Bloody Streets is a brutal top-down shooter which will challenge you with areas swarmed by undead in a beautifully stylized and hand painted 2D world complemented by high energy rock music. How long can you survive the sea of monsters while pumping round after round of bullets?,"A post-apocalyptic adventure game from the publisher that brought you Primordia, Gemini Rue and Technobabylon! A young woman stricken with a deadly plague searches for a cure in a hostile world.","Play 8-Ball, 9-Ball, Snooker, Billiards, Pub Pool, 27 games total! “So realistic it will make your real life pool game better!”Two career play modes, trick shots, video tutorials, multi-player online. Virtual Pool 4 is the most comprehensive cue sport game ever!",Monsters! is a dual stick shooter with a retro feel complete with pixel art and leaderboards to achieve that good ol’ arcade feel.,The soundtrack of Red Faction: Guerrilla contains 32 tracks.,"In this old school dungeon crawl for Fantasy Grounds, the players (suitable to scale for 4-6 PCs of 3rd to 7th level) stumble upon the forgotten cairn of a long dead butcher of ages past. Caragthax's malignance in life has not kept him well in death, and both he and his former companions hungrily await retribution against those who try...","Prepare yourself for mind-blowing puzzle action in new dimensions! You think Starlaxis is just a small puzzle game? THINK AGAIN! Master breath-taking challenges, win seemingly impossible boss fights, complete multiple missions goals, overcome dozens of enemies, and last but not least: Save EARTH!","Just Death is an “Open-World Sandbox Crime Game” set in procedurally generated cities. Just Death features an Online Open City mode, Vigilante, Bank Heist, and Gang War modes. Join in the development today!",Navigate the mysterious Quantum Nebula and dismantle it's gravity machine piece by piece before it destroys The Galaxy.,"Over 400 tricky puzzles, intuitive controls and cute heroes guarantee hours of fun.",Slip into the role of an unusual HERO and find the last letter to restore hope in a merciless world.,"Monster Jam® Battlegrounds brings the ever popular touring show straight to the fans with roaring engines and crushing action. Not only does this game replicate the world renowned Monster Jam stadium and arena events, but it also takes fans out of the stadium and into other environments for physics based skill and stunt challenges.","The word legendary is thrown around often, but on the subject of early ‘90s motorsport, the legacy of DTM race cars has proven worthy of that title. Purchase the 1992 DTM car pack and add 5 racing legends to your lineup.","The saga of the Dark Lord, Magus Drakhen Lee, begins in this 25+ hour long epic JRPG celebration of classic 16-Bit titles infused with a mature and darker story filled with intrigue from a very different perspective.","Hearthlands is a medieval/fantasy city-building real time strategy game in which you take a role of a king in a procedurally generated world. You can not control your subjects directly; instead you focus on city-building, resource management, diplomacy, heroes, magic and other things a typical king deals with on a daily basis.",Official Soundtrack for POP: Methodology Experiment One composed by Rob Lach,A total of 90 red hot pieces of sick 'zick (music) for you to lick!!! And the hottest aork around town.,"It's a relaxed, laid-back episodic 3D point-and-click adventure game set on an island group in the middle of the pacific! Yay! Hooray!",Co-Op Hero Defense set in a deadly post-apocalyptic Sweden. Team up with your friends and protect the Missile Silo against horrific beasts and outlaws.,"Super Cane Magic ZERO is a Comedy Arcade RPG with randomly generated dungeons. Fight solo or local co-op, get gear, eat bombs, crawl ridiculous dungeons and kill all the vegetables! There is also a full story mode coming later this year.",What will you do if you can redo the last 7 days before you died? Try this unique supernatural mystery visual novel!,Anno Online is a free-to-play city-builder game that lets you develop big magnificent metropolises in the medieval times.,"Explore this vast fantasy world of Ashan - from the glorious temples of Elrath, the Dragon of Light, to the undead lands of Nar-Heresh.","Available on Steam for the first time, PD Howler 9.6 is THE ultimate graphics and animation tool for all micro indie development studios.",Outcast 1.1 is an enhanced version of the critically acclaimed action-adventure game developed in 1999 by Appeal for the PC.,"Crash and Burn Racing is a high impact racing game. You will be put behind the wheel of crazy vehicles that are fitted with over-the-top weaponry and power-ups such as a nitro chargers, bombs and homing missiles.","As beautiful as she's fearsome, Jiva is the guardian of the month of Javian. The Jiva Pack includes 30 days of Booster benefits, the Krosmoglob Sidekick, Growth Kibble, a Vital Energy Cocktail, the Drago-Steed of Destruction (mount), the Emerald Ikiakit and the Young Wild Sow Pet.","HIT is a free, multiplayer, deception-based shooter. Betray your friends and sniff out the Rogue Agent. Hit revolves around deception and espionage. Set in a sleek, 70s-style super-mansion and glazed with a decadent layer of treacherous whimsy, HIT is short, stylish, deceptive, and uproarious fun.","TREBUCHET! The Industry Award Winning New Classic! Starting with a set of balls and pieces, move your blocks around to free your balls and tilt the board to align to and knock out opposing pieces! Eliminate the enemies King piece - or reach the opposing corner with your King first to Win the game!","Elastrix is a physics-based puzzle game. Place bouncy bands to guide the Trix through 60 levels, and help them to their goal of being the greatest circus attraction the world has ever seen!","In Issue 2, Kyle's transformation into the Purple Patriot is progressing unabated, and he's discovering a lot of new prejudices he never had before. Surrounded by temptations, he's forced to decide whether a campaign of justice can really be founded on some pretty nefarious practices.","Now an official Manhattan superhero, The Purple Patriot is still searching for his ticket to the big time. So when he learns of a siege at Wilson Chase bank, he realizes this is exactly the opportunity he's been waiting for. Forced to battle his own prejudices as much as terrorists, he sets about finding out who is behind the attack.","The case of the stolen elephant! Elephant... Rare... Striped. ...has been kept for many years by an animal trader named Karbophos. Being unable to overcome abuse, it escaped and found a home at the zoo in our city. This is definitely Karbophos's work. To the zoo!",Join the famed duo in their search for the serial maniac!,"Berdichev, Spring 1958. Sensible Brother Chief and his not-so-bright assistant, Brother Colleague saw a report in papers that in Tasmania number of rare animals was greatly reduced. Help Chief and Colleague to save poor elephants!","KWAAN is part RPG, part online ecosystem and part pixel editor ! The prophecies were right : the end is near ! KWAAN has come and ask for sacrifices ! Create rituals, craft trees and flowers, fight pollution and organize with your friends to save the world from impending...",Get the Dead State full original soundtrack - twenty-six tracks to perfectly match your post-apocalyptic vibes.,"Color Guardians is an exciting fast action side scrolling game that combines quick thinking with frantic gameplay into a hard to master challenge! Switching colors and collecting items, all while avoiding obstacles will surely test your reflexes!",Occupy positions in the Krasnaya Polyana village and break out of the encirclement in the area of Zmiyev en route to Kharkov.,"High Resolution texture pack featuring Winter and Summer textures for vehicles and guns, and textures for weathering and tracks.",,Soundtrack to the (*awesome*) 2D shooting game KAMUI by SITER SKAIN.,"Expand your customizable character options with two new playable characters, one male and one female. Each can be customized with new colors, costume pieces, and cosmetic items.",Redux: Dark Matters is a fast-paced space shooting game with fresh scoring elements - a bastard-hard shooter and definitely a must have for every shmup fan!,"Deadnaut is Screwfly Studios' second game and follow up to cult hit, Zafehouse: Diaries. Deadnauts, so named because they’re unlikely to return, must explore, investigate and fight their way through the derelict ships of dead civilisations. Every mission is unique and no two locations are the same.","A joyful, casual puzzle game that will tease both your wits and your memory!","Play Steam Games @ 10,000+ MB/s :: Load games instantly with the Dimmdrive software. Dimmdrive fully integrates with all Steam games.","This pack is just right for ice-cold mercs. No goofing around, 100% success and an awesome termination – that’s all you need.","Tough, tougher, Bad Santa. Christmas is the best time for a few well-placed ass kicks. And who would be better suited than out most favorite wearer of boots? This pack contains everything a really bad-ass Santa needs!","Bard to the Future is a side scrolling 2D platformer which follows a medieval battlebard as he finds a time machine, meets two LARPers and ends up in a race against a time travelling cyborg pirate to discover a lost treasure.",Drone Kombat is the latest addition to the Axis Game Factory AGFPRO DLC line-up! Drone Kombat is a fast action Kombat Sci-fi First Person-Shooter where you create your maps from an array of modular interior and exterior location assets. Gameplay comes together when you pilot your vehicle and take out the enemy Drones!!!,"In 1994, the Swedish engineer, entrepreneur and adventurer Malte Stierngranat was buried in a pyramid that he had designed himself. Carol is contacted by the cleaner George in the middle of a cold Swedish winter. This leads her on a journey in which she has to delve into Malte Stierngranat's illustrious life and his legacy.",You've never played a comic book like this! Control a team of heroes battling evil villains across dynamic environments. Play out epic comic book battles come to life in this exciting adaptation of the hit card game.,Become a certified badass.,"Royal Bounty HD is a fantasy RPG in the feel of the great old 1990 King's Bounty. You control a hero to gather gold and armies, level up and upgrade your stats, and complete quests across a huge map with 4 continents.",In Guild Commander you manage your guild to victory! Deploy your guild members and save your world from the Necro Lord!,"Don't be an ostrich, play Ostrich! Gain experience points and unlock new skills and achievements! Feel creative? Create whole new islands and share it with community!","Psst hey computer entertainment enthusiast... wanna get weird in space?! Take my virtual cyberhand and follow me/us into the void on a real wild ride through space to end up the savior of the human race! Whaddaya say, wanna take your brain out? Put it in the Pilot's seat? ...?","Action Roguelike FPS. Kill monsters, get cash, plan route, buy weapons, choose perks, destroy level, outrun death, unlock stuff, live again!","Ever wondered what would happen if you crossed Scrabble with an RPG? Now you don't have to, because Letter Quest is here! Help Grimm and Rose, a couple of adorable grim reapers, defeat monsters, ghosts, evil bunnies and more using the power of words!","Paint the Town Red is a chaotic first person melee combat game set in different locations and time periods. The voxel-based enemies can be punched, bashed, kicked, stabbed and sliced completely dynamically using almost anything that isn't nailed down.",A story-driven experience about two doctors traversing through a dying man's memories to artificially fulfill his last wish.,Flywrench is a frenetic action game from the makers of Nidhogg about piloting an aerobatic ship through the depths of space.,"Vertical Drop Heroes is a procedural platformer RPG hybrid with roguelike elements, where your hero adventures through randomly generated stages. Armed with a variety of skills and traits, you must use your cunning and reflexes to survive the dangers of each stage, until you face the final boss and uncover the truth behind the game!","Karos is stylish MMORPG with plenty of content and fascinating story. The multitude of game professions and classes, epic battles between guilds and factions, dungeon raids, elaborate crafting system and other necessities essential for a modern MMORPG found their flawlessly neat execution in Karos.","Vampire princess Mina needs your help! A wicked curse has fallen on the people of the Kingdom of Vempire - everyone has turned to stone! In order to reverse the curse, Mina has to travel to the evil witch's tower and defeat her, but she can't do it alone!",The story of the kid who escaped from the school crossing sign.,Help Julia find Fifo by going through 4 magical worlds in this classic platform game!,From the creators of indie smash hit Stick It to The Man! comes a new one to four-player co-op stab-you-in-the-gut-a-thon. Embark on a dead funny adventure with the Zombie Vikings. A putrid posse sent on a mission through the most epic of worlds to retrieve Odin’s lost eye.,"A game about the limits of your screen. Four Sided Fantasy is a seamless experience where you wrap the screen to solve mind-bending puzzles. Play as a man and woman who attempt to find each other throughout four seasons in a year, constantly separated by the boundaries of the screen.","Official soundtrack for Luna's Wandering Stars, featuring ten original compositions. Each song has a unique take on the energy and spirit of a planet, inspired by Gustav Holst's &amp;quot;The Planets&amp;quot; suite.","Trapped in an alien submarine, Edward's faith will be tested in a tale of trust and deceit. Bermuda is a visual novel mixed with open ended stealth puzzles.","Trapped in an alien submarine, Edward's faith will be tested in a tale of trust and deceit. Bermuda is a visual novel mixed with open ended stealth puzzles.","Soft Body is a meditative action game where you control two beautiful, gooey snakes at the same time. In the game, you paint the world with your body, and as you do so, the world changes around you and reveals new obstacles and challenges.","Coins are bad? Spikes are good! Looks can be deceiving in Default Dan, an indie platformer that flips the genre upside down.",Take command of Naval Strike Group 7 and lead your fleet to victory in full 3D tactical space combat. Star Hammer: The Vanguard Prophecy is a sci-fi strategy saga that will test your skills as both capital assault ship Captain and naval fleet Commander.,"SCS deORBIT is a non-linear, non-combat first person game with heavy reliance on exploration, a slight horror vibe, permadeath, limited saves and some puzzles. You can play the original or the updated version.","* Game Title Tkl Online * For fans of Like Online games, Like MMO/RPGs, Customizable characters, More depth than the usual RPG Maker system",An adventure in the Lands of Dream.,Battle your friends on the same computer in this pick up and play arcade combat game!,"Ride your bike through the futuristic city of Megalopolis in the fifth content pack of Trials Fusion: Fault One Zero!This pack includes the following: 10 new tracks including 8 classic tracks, one new Skill game &amp;amp; one new FMX track 24 challenges ranging from warping to a magic rainbow-land to defeating a giant robot New 'DarkLynx’...",Decisive Campaigns: The Blitzkrieg from Warsaw to Paris is the first in an innovative series of operational World War II wargames that also include a strategic element. The Blitzkrieg from Warsaw to Paris simulates Germany’s military successes in Poland and France in 1939 and 1940 .,"Experience the mysterious and mystical by taking on a journey with Mims in this strategic god-like game. Create structures, plant vegetation, breed animals, take care of your minions, use divine PSI powers, triumph in face of natural disasters, fight monsters, predict the future, and so much more....",,"Challenge your friends to fight through the Dark World, with or against you, in this massive expansion for the acclaimed archery brawler. Through the portal you’ll find an all-new 1-4 player co-op mode, along with a wealth of new archers, powerups and arenas.","Huge indie fantasy role-playing adventure in a massive, underground land. Packed with over 100 towns and dungeons and an epic story. Fight to complete up to three distinct game-winning quests. Master over 60 spells and abilities. Hunt for hundreds of magical artifacts. Over 50 hours of gameplay.","One Late Night: Deadline continues the story of One Late Night, a horror/mystery game where you play the role of an office worker caught in the middle of the paranormal activity that has broken out in a seemingly ordinary office building. Freely explore the 5 story office complex that houses several different companies.",Are you on the lookout for some nostalgic chip-tune inspired music? Look no further!,"Softly gathered snow, cold sculptures and decorative accents are what makes Winter Wonderland tilesets great.","High tech machinery and sleek futuristic textures in the adorable DS+ style are the highlight of this expansion. Inspired by the classic science fiction movies and books from the 90s, this packs includes all the basics you'll need to create a retro masterpiece.","Nameless ~The one thing you must recall~ is a visual novel game designed for female audiences. It was distributed by the publisher, Cheritz, in English, Korean, and Japanese on Nov. 11th, 2013 and now it is available on Steam.",X-note is a blend between Visual Novel and Dating Sim. Follow the story of Essi as she pursues the truth of her mother's death.,"The Skies is a unique combination of post-apocalyptic MMORPG and FPS with a non-linear storyline, in which you follow your own path or join other players to conquer the wasteland.","Introducing ClusterPuck 99, a sporty competitive sports game about sports based on athletics! Featuring 8-player local competitive action for PC, Mac and Linux.","Wild Creatures leads you into an extremely exotic world of wild animals from the present and the past. Numerous new species are available in Wild Creatures missions or in the free game. In your research centers and genetic labs you are able to breed related ancestors of existing animals, such as mammoths and dinosaurs.","Enjoy pure 16-bit RPG goodness! Scarllet and Beatrice are two close sisters. One of them has the gift of healing, the more she knows about her gift the more she realizes how big her responsibility is. Features party splitting, beautiful artworks and an intricate storyline.",Echoes+ is an intense retro action space shooter that will test your reaction and concentration levels to the max!,"Mission Control: NanoMech is set late in the 21st century in a high-tech Mars base. A rogue artificial intelligence named D-brain has taken control of the factory and most of its robotic workers, and refuses to let the humans go. It's up to the player to defeat D-brain and save the humans trapped inside the factory.",Put your paw to the floor and power slide between the pines as you face-off against up to three friends in multiplayer split screen. Collect weapons and power-ups to blast your opponents off the track and take the lead. Bears Can’t Drift!? is retro karting action with a modern look and feel.,"Anoxemia is a story-driven exploration game that puts you in control of the scientist Dr. Bailey and his operations drone, ATMA. Search the ocean floor as you discover and extract samples from the bowels of the underwater caves.","Japanese “Pretty Girls” gathered for a hot Mahjong battle!23 different sexy girls to choose from!Voices of all girls are included, squealing in ecstasy when they win!Based on authentic Japanese Mahjong rules.",Choose your own adventure RPG. Second in the Artdink Legend Pack series. This game is only available in Japanese.,"Railroad management and City Development simulation game, A-Train 8 keeps the strong mechanics of the A-Train series and put the whole map in 3D for the first time. A game to both control a living 3D city, and enjoy watching the landscape you helped create.This game is only available in Japanese.",Maritime Simulation/Adventure games in the 15th and 16th century race for the New World. Third in the Artdink Legend Pack series. This game is only available in Japanese.,High school baseball simulation. Become a coach and aim for Koshien! Fourth in the Artdink Legend Pack series. This game is only available in Japanese.,"In Khaba, you follow the explorer Michael on his quest for a treasure in a forgotten pyramid. Through chambers filled with puzzles, he descends deeper into the mysteries of the buried Pharaoh. Each chamber becomes a further test of patience and reason, revealing the true nature of Michael’s past.","Magic duels are the way to solve any dispute in a kingdom conquered by the cruel witch. Every monster will challenge you, but magic will help you destroy the enemy. Master the destructive power of the spheres and become the most fearsome mage ever!","Strategy &amp;amp; Tactics: Wargame Collection is a set of three historical turn-based strategies, in which you are going to take command of the armies in the greatest Medieval wars as well as take control of countries and nations during World War II.","In a fantastical Venice, The Corpus are deceived by a cunning necromancer. Transformed into an undead fiend, the conniving imposter is hell-bent on destroying the reinstated Death and the council of Corpus. Only Scarlett, the daughter of Death, can stand in his way.","El Dorado is the fifth expansion to Europa Universalis IV and brings to life the conquests, creeds and discoveries synonymous with the Age of Exploration. The centerpiece of the latest addition is the Nation Designer, which allows the customization of a starting nation in a campaign and further enhances EU4’s already near infinite...",Europa Universalis IV: El Dorado Content Pack includes two new unit packs and a music pack to add to the El Dorado expansion.,"Europa Universalis IV: Guns, Drums and Steel Volume 2 Europa Universalis IV: Guns, Drums and Steel Volume 2 is the second installment of metal inspired remixes featuring music from the Europa Universalis franchise.","Common Sense is the fifth major expansion for Europa Universalis IV and focuses on diplomacy and the internal development of nations. This addition allows you to peacefully develop your nation and build a 'tall' empire, whilst also giving you the tools to execute grand diplomacy.","Shoot first, eat cheese later! Jump into a fast, frenetic and exciting one-hit, one-kill FPS arena shooter with a totally level playing field, tonnes of maps, customisation and a robust map editor!","Batla is the awesome shooter game about robots, which came to conquer the Earth, but turned to be were too small for that. They had no choice but to capture the kid's room and start fighting there.","Just Get Through is a randomly generated platformer with roguelike elements. Featuring a destructible environment, sandbox mode, user-created levels, various gamemodes, hardcore mode, color palettes, deadly traps, explosions and more.","The perfect pack for a new player, get a set of Bloodlines, boosts and much more to get you started!","Get all 27 bloodlines, boosts, currency and more! The best pack for the serious gamer on a budget!","Get all 27 bloodlines, 2 sets of silver outfits, 1 set of gold weapons, emotes, boosts, currency and more! The ultimate pack for someone who likes variety! Get more for less!","The &amp;quot;Starter Pack&amp;quot; includes 50,000 Credits (in-game currency) plus 3 months Premium player subscription, and unlimited game access. This pack offers a reduction of 44% compared to standard in-game store price!","The &amp;quot;Premium Pack&amp;quot; includes 150,000 Credits (in-game currency) plus 12 months Premium player subscription, and unlimited game access. This pack offers a reduction of 50% compared to standart in-game store price!","A light 30-minute holiday special taking place at Sigmund Corp, where Neil and Eva work.","Usagi Yojimbo: Way of the Ronin is a new, old school game based on the classic Dark Horse Comic Graphic Novel by Stan Sakai, and seen in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles over the years. This is an old school, simple, fun Retro brawler done in the vein of the classic TMNT Stand Up Arcade game.","Inspired by the &amp;quot;superhero movie within the movie&amp;quot; finale of Walt Disney Pictures' film &amp;quot;Chicken Little,&amp;quot; Disney&amp;quot;s Chicken Little: Ace in Action features Ace, the superhero alter ego of Chicken Little, and the Hollywood versions of his misfit band of friends: Runt, Abby and Fish-Out-of-Water.","Trapped in an ancient forest, a young prince searches for a lost god. Here he befriends the spirit of a young girl and a volatile child, and they quickly find their destinies intertwined. Third-person action-adventure inspired by genre classics of the N64-era.",Enter the world of PIXEL HEROES and prepare yourself for a thrilling RPG/Roguelike experience like you have never seen before!,"Super Treasure Arena is a frantic, retro-inspired arena shooter for up to 4 players, where collecting and stealing loot from your opponents is the key to victory.","&amp;quot;Farm World&amp;quot; - makes the dream of your own farm come true.Create, design and maintain your own farm with up to 8 horse breeds, e.g. Haflinger, Arabs and Shetland ponies. But also typical farm animals like sheep, cows and pigs enrich your farm and make it an attraction with a high leisure value.","Mixed Booster Pack ncludes 11 new game cards (3 rare, 4 uncommon, 4 common) designed by Junpyon and Hono of Orange_Juice.",This Language Pack is for those who wish to learn Norwegian with Influent.,This Language Pack is for those who wish to learn Brazilian Portuguese with Influent.,This Language Pack is for those who wish to learn Finnish with Influent.,"Guide Alum on his journey through the &amp;quot;Land of Tide&amp;quot;. Help him discover the truth about his city, Kosmos, and the mysterious epidemic known as &amp;quot;The Vague&amp;quot;. As the tale unfolds, it will keep you enthralled all the way up to its epic conclusion. Alum is an original point-and-click adventure game.",,"&amp;quot;The Fall of Gyes&amp;quot; is a sci-fi cinematic graphic novel, which takes place several hours before the game, in the same bunker where you'll begin your journey. This sci-fi graphic novel, painted by Adam Burn, contains stunning cinematic quality and an intriguing story inspired by classic sci-fi horror films.","This is the originally HUCAST 4 CD-Box containing the soundtrack of DUX, DUX 1.5, the EXTRA-CD and REDUX: DARK MATTERS, composed by Andre Neuman feat.","SanctuaryRPG Classic is the game that started it all! Originally released on April 29, 2014, the game is free to enjoy and play to your heart's content!","Magnus the Traitor (Warcaster)Drake MacBain (Warcaster)Ashlynn D'Elyse (Warcaster)Mangler WarjackRenegade WarjackTalon WarjackVanguard WarjackNomad WarjackEiryss, Mage Hunter of IosGreygore BoomhowlerJarok CroeCutthroat","Dawnlord Vyros (Warcaster)Adeptis Rahn (Warcaster)Ravyn, Eternal Light (Warcaster)Chimera WarjackGorgon WarjackHydra WarjackManticore WarjackMage Hunter Strike ForceMage Hunter InfiltratorDawnguard SentinelDawnguard InvictorHouse Shyeel Battle MageHouseguard Halberdier","Trouble In The Manor is an online multiplayer game which takes place in a spooky far away manor. You are designated one of three roles upon each round: innocent, bloodhound, or murderer.","Navy Field 2 is the follow up to Navy Field, the original pioneer of Massively Multiplayer Strategic Online Naval Warfare. Cooperate with your team to maximize the potential of your vessel as you face off in large-scale naval battles. Challenge yourself to become the ultimate captain!",Navigate the player to the landing pad through twenty increasingly difficult levels within the time limit and with enough fuel.,"Play as a real-world candidate and completely immerse yourself into the battle of the US presidential election! Travel around the United States, try to woo voters across the country, create your own political agenda, skillfully manage your campaign budget... and perhaps you will be the next White House occupant!",You and a fellow captive have been rounded up and tortured in Yuma’s prison. Escape from Durgesh Prison and survive the hostile lands of northern Kyrat. This DLC features a new mode in the open world that will challenge even the most seasoned players.,"Discover new animal species, nurse them back to health and care for them. Look after your little camp with its cute and extraordinary residents. Enjoy some breathtaking encounters with exotic animals, and experience direct contact with the animals and their environment.","Subsiege is an intense real-time tactic game with focus on massive 12 player battles. In a grasping deep sea world, you command a hand-picked squad of hero-like units to contend merciless sea monsters and fierce competitors while your oxygen runs out with every breath. Can you stand the pressure?",Get rid of those old rags and slip into the shining armor of the Black Knight!,Join the elite of the elite and feel like a real covert operator with the Navy Soldier Pack - just don't whine when you get your anchor tattoo!,Customize your in-game character with the Diadem of Nor. This item is cosmetic and does not affect gameplay.,Customize your in-game character with the Moon’s Touch Bracer. This item is cosmetic and does not affect gameplay.,"The king is deceitful, the queen is wicked, and the bishop unholy. In every land it’s the same. Corrupted knights and power hungry pawns. It’s time for change. You've waited long enough. Be brave. Be daring. Be the last one standing.","Death Ray Manta is an arcade game where you shoot lasers to kill bad guys, flash lights at yourself and move to the next screen to do it all over again. Sorry, no T-Rex.",The Official Soundtrack of SanctuaryRPG: Black Edition!,"Seven Kingdoms 2 is an award-winning classic real-time strategy game of intrigue and diplomacy, of trade and industry, of betrayal, espionage and conquest.Take control of any of twelve emerging Human civilizations: Egyptian, Indian, Persian, Chinese, Japanese, Mongol, Greek, Roman, Carthaginian, Norman, Viking or Celt.",Demise of Nations is a 4X turn-based grand strategy wargame covering the rise of Rome till the fall of modern civilization.,"Explore, trade, fight &amp;amp; plunder in this tribute to classic sandbox spacesims of old.",Hollow's Land is a RPG driven to take players on a epic journey involving dangerous occultists and creatures.,"In the both colorful and dangerous world of Brick-Force, the right piece of equipment can make the difference between life and death. Whether it be weapons, Elite Gems or stylish clothing – the valuable Starter Pack brings you enough cash to get your own awesome gear.","As the guardian angel-in-training assigned to watch over Harold, you’re going to need a miracle to get him safely through a series of increasingly challenging obstacle courses in one piece. Shoot lightning, delay the other racers and move heaven and earth to give Harold the boost he needs to win!","The outstanding orchestral score from Outcast composed by Lennie Moore and interpreted by the Moscow Symphony Orchestra. Fully remastered in 2013, it features no less than 29 tracks including lots of exclusive materials in high quality. All the tracks are provided in lossless FLAC format and MP3 320 kb/s.","Again the armies of the Kings meet! Beside the total new battlefield Dark Desert the DLC contains a new Battleground-Mode called &amp;quot;Rune Runner&amp;quot;. Bomb your way to victory and let your enemies run into your explosive traps, while defending your positions.","The TRANSFORMERS are back, and this time they’re in the hands of acclaimed developer PlatinumGames, who have combined their over-the-top brawler action with comic book inspired art to create a TRANSFORMERS game like none other.","Control the rescue workers who rebuild three islands in the wake of devastating weather! Repair damaged restaurants, houses, and sawmills to produce necessary resources. Race against the clock to collect gems, put out fires, and save stranded swimmers!","Discover the wonders of an uncharted island and help the natives restore their ravaged land to its former glory in Moai: Build Your Dream! Overcome the fury of an active volcano, hordes of attacking ghosts and the threat of dwindling resources as you guide the hero and a native princess on their quest.","Ukrainian Ninja is a multiplayer platformer game for Windows. The Ninja shoots and slashes, using weapons sold by the trader to clear each world.","Become the most feared Templar whether on land or at sea, geared up with any weapons, outfits and ship items anyone could dream of.",This pack will save you time by revealing all of the activity locations on your map.,This pack will save you time by revealing all of the collectibles locations on your map.,"Increase your Ship’s cargo storage limit to the maximum upgrade of 2500 and obtain 500 additional Metal, Wood, Cloth, Stone and Tobacco resources. Important: You need to progress in the story to see the full effect of this DLC.",Obtain all the Upgrade Blueprints to unlock the Elite ship upgrades. Important: You need to progress in the story to see the full effect of the DLC. Some upgrades still require money and resources to purchase them.,"Based on Walt Disney’s feature 3D animation film Chicken Little, Chicken Little the action-packed video game catapults you into the hair-raising adventures of the movie and beyond.","The official soundtrack for Wrack - the arcade-style FPS! Containing 26 all new tracks by Bobby Prince (composer for the original DOOM), this soundtrack also contains previously unreleased songs. All music comes in MP3 and lossless FLAC format.Track Listing1. Wrack2. Wreckoning3. Wrabble4. Wishy Washy5. Wrukus6. Whom The Bell Tolls For7.","A giant Arcade-Adventure about eating, growing fat, fighting, and barfing. Eat all the balls to win, but as you get fat, you'll get stuck. Barf to squeeze through to solve levels! Fight through hundreds of action levels, explore strange space stations, and save the day!","Plith puts gamers in a spatial setting, where they have to manage several puzzle elements (mostly gears) and must make quick decisions which can simplify or complicate their path to victory.","Against explosive firepower, bitter cold, and dizzying heights, Fork Parker must outwit a group of no-talent game developers in a deadly holiday promotional game. Also, it's free.","Crash-landed on a desolate, alien planet, what should've been a routine work-for-hire job for Powell has become a deadly mission to save the merchant vessel Morningstar and her crew.",Travel to the Edo period in Japan and help Satsu and Miyamoto in an epic adventure to preserve ancient Japan. Prove your skills in Challenge mode with limited moves. Experience the excitement of building an ancient Japanese village in this engaging Match 3 game.,"A dying reality, a universe that’s fading away. A merciless world thatgets sick and vanishes. No past, no present, no future; only the impending moment of “dead synchronicity” ahead. Will you be able to stop it?Because, otherwise... what will you do when Time dissolves itself?","Oceanhorn: Monster of Uncharted Seas combines captivating storytelling, breathtaking 3D visuals and exciting gameplay into one epic action-adventure experience. In the game you explore the islands of Uncharted Seas, a world filled with many dangers, puzzles and secrets.","HOW MANY LIVES WILL YOU SAVE?Experience your city through the eyes of a lifesaver and find out what it means to be a genuine &amp;quot;Everyday Hero&amp;quot;! Keep track of several fire stations, a variety of vehicles, a wide range of equipment and specialized staff so that you're always prepared for anything.","London is falling. Are you prepared? The Last Blight is upon us. It was foretold. For the second time in history, a great plague has shrouded London in a fog of death. Big Ben tolls as thousands of unprepared die, or worse, are infected by a sickness more gruesome than death.",“10 Years After” Is a survival based horror (Open World) Single Player Adventure ..........After the government rolled out a injection to the general public to stem the violence and quell the human emotion's things were going well ….....,"Strife® is a truly free to play, competitive, online ARTS / MOBA that features non-stop action and engaging combat. Take control of powerful and versatile heroes, each capable of dominating in unique ways, and exert your will in an epic battle between two teams.",Build and protect castles simultaneously in this original and addictive game!,"Snake blocks is a colorful 3D puzzle game from Spooky Cat Games. Join the five friendly snakes as you push, pull, and twist them through dozens of challenging puzzle scenarios. Mind-bending puzzles and beautiful design come together in Snake Blocks!","Music is a big part of Shovel Knight! Composer Jake Kaufman used hobbyist tools to write the soundtrack, resulting in over 2 hours of music that can be played on a real NES/Famicom console! Joining him is the legendary Manami Matsumae!","Your robots will change the world! Will you show them the true meaning of love, or conquer Alaska with your robot army? A 300,000-word epic interactive sci-fi novel.","Your robots will change the world! Will you show them the true meaning of love, or conquer Alaska with your robot army? A 300,000-word epic interactive sci-fi novel.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.","The Carenado line of aircraft has been well acclaimed by users and reviewers for many years and for good reason. They are well constructed, looks good and have impeccable behavior in flight. The cockpits are accurate and well equipped.","The Canadair Regional Jet CRJ-200 is a short-range, single-aisle commuter jet and with 1021 built units the most popular regional jet today. The JRollon CRJ-200 brings this famous airliner to the simulator known for its accurate flight dynamics.",There are only very few places on earth with such beautiful scenery in close proximity to an airport as it is with Stewart Airport in British Columbia.,"Never before have there been so many objects on an X-Plane airport to discover as with Britain’s major airport, London Heathrow. The scenery includes all five terminals and animated apron traffic. The award-winning team sim-wings convinces with a model of perfection for such a Mega Hub!","The international airport Manchester is located in the northern English metropolitan County of Greater Manchester and offers flights to about 225 destinations. It is an operational base for several airlines such as: Flybe, Monarch Airlines, Jet2.com and others.",This model of the Southwest Florida Intl Airport for X-Plane 10 offers a highly detailed reproduction of the real airport thanks to its 10cm/pixel aerial image and 1cm/pixel ground layout.,"The X-Plane add-on Santiago International Airport stands out due to its extremely high density of objects. In addition to the accurate reproduction of the airport and all its surrounding buildings, including the fully animated O`Higgins amusement park, the realistic vegetation objects provide an authentic atmosphere.",The regional airport Pullman-Moscow is located in the north-west of the US in the state of Washington. This add-on recreates it entirely including its environment.,"Twentynine Palms (formerly known as Twenty-Nine Palms) was named for the palm trees found there in 1852 by Col. Henry Washington.Located in the Mojave Desert, California, dry climate, palm trees, shrubs and sand as far as the eye can see characterize Twentynine Palms Airport and its vicinity.","Runestone Keeper is a roguelike dungeon crawler that blends classic RPG elements and turn based strategy. Heroes, monsters, equipment, events, magic and skills, traps and devices, shrines and altars, Goddesses and merchants. Choose your weapon and begin an epic adventure!",Critical Annihilation is a Twin-Stick SHMUP (Shoot-em Up) made entirely out of tiny voxels. We take advantage of voxel technology to hype up the explosive gameplay. Everything is destructible to its core.,A Pixel Story is a devious 2D puzzle platformer that charts the evolution of video games. You must use your Magical Teleportation Hat to explore 6 increasingly detailed zones on your quest to reach the core of The System to stop the evil OS and save the world.,"This game is about a person who kept running through his life, never looking back at the past. He rarely slept, and even with 24 hours in a day, it was not enough for him. Once during a trip, he gets into trouble. Now he's lying on the cold ground, buried beneath his bicycle. Slides of various moments fly through his head.","Assault castles to defend your tribe; use voodoo magic and a big cannon to smash through fortresses. When you're not playing, seasons change and you may come back to be greeted by disasters that happened while you were away or gifts to bolster your resources.","Interactive teen supernatural mystery! You and your friends have developed magical psychic powers. Solve the case, save your school, find a date for prom!","Interactive teen supernatural mystery! You and your friends have developed magical psychic powers. Solve the case, save your school, find a date for prom!",Origins of Malu is an battleground set on an alien world rich spectacular scenery and vicious native lifeforms. It is up to you and your peers to survive and try to control the world around you.,Create the most customizable character ever and take on ferocious monsters with your friends online.,"A new 20-minute holiday special taking place at Sigmund Corp, where Neil and Eva work.","Man Alive is a platform game with a twist (or two). We are working with the idea that death is not the end. There are no health packs, because we promote death in Man Alive!","The video games you played as a kid, mashed together and remade into a tactical role-playing game.","Ember is a homage to classic role-playing games (RPG) that features a deep branching story, endless exploration across dynamic and living environments, a robust skill system, and an intricate crafting system.","Crowman &amp;amp; Wolfboy is a story driven, level based, action-platformer/runner hybrid. Join this unlikely pair of shadow creatures on a bizarre journey to escape their own nature and find the mysterious beings known as &amp;quot;humans&amp;quot;.","Stake your claim, command your fleets, and wage epic war in space.",MMO basketball game FreeStyle2 prides its unique gameplay and graphic. Players are set up to a street-style league and are allowed to use freestyle moves. Players are focused on a single character with the position of their choice. Team up with the best street ballers and build up team work!,"YOUR MISSION: Survive and build the toughest frigging merc outfit in the world! Create and train your team of classic mercs, grab your gear and evolve your headquarter to beat the enemy. JAO: Reloaded is a re-release of the turn-based strategy Single- and Multiplayer Online game at an unbeatable price!",Run with scissors and walk on walls in this award-winning local-multiplayer gravity battle arena game from the mind of a former Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare developer. Enter the pages of old books where you will find strange environments and a cabal of playable characters.,"Based on the epic Gladiator movies and games of the past, I,Gladiator brings you the true feeling of gladiatorial combat. Punch them, kick them, hit them, stun them, impale them, dismember them, burn them, destroy them!","Dive into the fascinating world of game programming while you're helping the Debugger 3.16 to delete all the errors and bugs in the latest game of its developer. Travel to different game worlds, meet its inhabitants (even the developer himself) and bring the games up and running again.","Nameless ~The one thing you must recall~ is a visual novel game designed for female audiences. It was distributed by the publisher, Cheritz, in English, Korean, and Japanese on Nov. 11th, 2013 and now it is available on Steam.","The brand new Master Campaign and a totally new battlefield, the Floating Island awaits you. Between burning fires and beautiful waterfalls you will fight till victory or defeat! All six masters of the Master Campaign will face you with different strategies, you will need all your knowledge and tactics to become the one Grandmaster!",This is the soundtrack for the bizarre Adventure/RPG Dark Scavenger. It comes with 16 songs including an exclusive bonus medley!,"rFactor is a realistic easily extendable racing simulation from Image Space Incorporated. It offers the latest in vehicle and race customization, great graphics, outstanding multiplayer, and the height of racing realism.",Starwalker is a space-exploration survival rpg focused on surviving a massive alien invasion on planet Earth. You'll be able to explore the solar system and beyond. You are the last human standing - ready to start a new life.,"An action/infiltration game where the story changes every time you play. In the 1970s, extremist religious sect the Collective Justice Mission moves to South America to isolate themselves. You infiltrate the compound to check on a relative but soon learn that things may not be what they seem.","The Moment of Silence is a classic point-and-click 3rd person adventure game set in New York City in 2044. Players step into the role of Peter Wright, an advertising executive currently heading up the Government's 'Freedom of Speech' campaign.","Set against the backdrop of a catastrophic thunderstorm raging over New York City, Overclocked explores an archetypical, yet actual condition of mankind: violence. This psychological thriller mixes frightening fictional thriller elements using innovative narrative structures.",AoF World Online is a single/multiplayer fantasy online experience where you unravel the mystery behind an illusive force threatening Fasaria and her 3 moons.,The official soundtrack of Into Blue Valley. Music by Matthew Javanshir.,This is a special free X-mas demo version of Last Knight that includes The Big Xmas Chow Down Endless Mode and The Big Xmas Mow Down Endless Mode,"Save the galaxy and its hot goddesses from eternal cubification ! Now with 50+ levels, Online play, 27 hero skins, Level Editor and Workshop integration !","Launch into the ultimate head trip as you blast through psychotic robots in a retro 70's sci-fi action adventure from Double Fine Productions. It is a world of automation, a utopia gone wrong in which all of humanity have transferred their minds into robotic imposter bodies and are ruled by a computer.",Many inhabitants wishing to get the tribute came back to the city. Only the time will show whether the main character will find the riches or he is fated to decorate one of the undercroft corners with his skeleton.,It's one year after the collapse of civilization and self-centered hedge fund manager Joe Wheeler emerges from his specially constructed bunker in search of food. This is a huge open-world RPG where you have the freedom to play how you want - but your choices have consequences.,"Fight off hordes of enemy pigs in this 200 level strategy, tower defense, and time management game.",If my heart Had Wings Original Sound Track,"In this hunting game, not everything is about shooting. Crazy Chickens are tricky! Try to find all the secret puzzles to maximize your score!",Alien chickens invade and beam everything away. Greet them with your shotgun.,"Basement is a strategy game, where you play as a desperate scientist who chose the wrong path in his life. That path seemed easy, but turned into a deadly one. You have no choice but to build the most effective enterprise and stay alive in a cruel world of illegal business.",Ignite your imagination with a whimsical 2D liquid physics-based puzzle game by Studio 2SD!,"Predestination is a turn-based sci-fi 4X game set in the distant past of our own galaxy. Ships from countless races are sent back in time by an enemy known as the Revenants and must now work to rebuild their empires. Explore the galaxy, colonise habitable worlds, meet alien races, and wage war.",Shadows of War is a 2D Real-Time Strategy sidescroller game. The game combines classical RTS elements with new ideas into a 2D game.,Jump and blast your way through the hostile reaches of the kingdom on your quest to recover the Music Crystals!,"This non-game add-on contains articles, soundtrack and advanced materials about game.",Time is relative. Sometimes 10 seconds can feel like an eternity... In TIMEframe you will discover a world in slow motion. Explore the remnants of a mysterious civilization on the brink of destruction.,"At first sight, Cubot is a puzzle-game with a minimalist gameplay, just move color cubes towards tiles of the same color. It's really easy, but it will be a torture for your mind to complete all levels of the game because the apparent simplicity of the game is in contradiction with the complexity of the level-design.","Dr.Green is a 2D retro, arcade, action platformer, inspired by games like Megaman and Ninja Senki. Take control of the orphan Dr.Green, on his mission to save the forest and take revenge on the evil forces trying to destroy it.","Teddy Floppy Ear is a main character of series of adventure games for the children, based on the on famous Polish cartoon. Send your kid onto an unforgettable journey with the world’s most charming bear!","Based on a famous Polish cartoon, Teddy Floppy Ear stands out as a great entertainment for children. Prepared by an experienced team, Teddy Floppy Ear – Kayaking mixes fun adventure game with a healthy dose of learning, perfect for young minds. Send your kid onto an unforgettable journey with the world’s most charming bear.","&amp;quot;Before we knew it, what we once knew as 'freedom' became nothing more but a faint and distant memory.&amp;quot; Venture forth and discover the truth behind the seemingly perfect OmniCare society in Sinless: a unique point n' click and visual novel hybrid, set in an original cyberpunk reality.","Deity Quest is a light-hearted RPG where your goal is to convert followers and gain power to become the Overgod of Aberos. Use your divine magic to support your followers in fast-paced, strategic 6 vs. 6 battles, and compete with other deities in your quest to reach the top!","Dog-based Simulation / Survival / Exploration Become a randomized dog in a randomized house and survive the harsh domestic life! Explore the city and interact with the world to discover items and secrets. Play, eat, drink, and sleep, remember to take care of yourself!","A cooperative, cross-platform, multiplayer scifi game where players control the same ship through 5 roles — Captain, Helm, Tactical, Engineering &amp;amp; Science. Battle with other player crews over the Internet.","Claim and defend the Tomb of Tyrants against greedy adventurers by matching tiles to build a deadly dungeon full of traps, minions, and more!","Carol has written a book about one of her previous adventures. She has put a lot of work into it, but after receiving rejections from several publishers, her enthusiasm for the project is beginning to wane.","The year is 2010 A.D.—The Future—and your mission is to be the coolest pizza delivery business in the Jovian system. Cut through traffic, avoid the police, and deliver pizzas to the moons of Jupiter! Save up your money to buy better ships and upgrade your pizzeria. Just look out for the competition...!","Abomination Tower is a humorously macabre, 2D procedurally generated platformer.","Play through an engaging and emotional story set in a deep world full of its own original mythology and history. Take advantage of the Dual Soul class system, switching between Pure and Veil classes in the heat of battle, to conquer challenging enemies and bosses.","SuperBike TT is a single-player, physics-based racing game within a multi-team and multi-bike livery for built-in replayability.",GCM2 is fierce arena combat with an RPG job system for 1-4 local players. Battle to the top of the class tree and get massively powered-up!,"Outwit gravity, race the clock, explore new worlds.Crashed lander is a gravity-based arcade game inspired by classics like Lunar Lander and Space Taxi. You'll pilot your craft from pad to pad trying to beat your best time – then flirt with that fine line between speed and control.","In this tug-of-war, casual defense game， you play Leonidas who is the hero-king of Sparta, against hordes of attacking zombies in Thermopylae. Recruit allies and build defenses to stop them!",You Are Not A Banana is set in everyday life and has a sprinkle of imagination and humor. The audiovisuals (free OST included) seek to evoke nostalgia for the 80s and 90s. This experimental game unfolds as a sequence of thought provoking events and surprises.,"Inspired by the demoscene, each of Project Green Beat’s unique levels merge stunning visuals with high energy rhythms to create a truly unique music-based rail shooter. It is a fully immersive experience where the music inspires the visuals and drives the flow of motion.","Uncompromising Sci-Fi survival on Mars! Manage the entire colony single-handed! Craft, Research, Explore and Fight against evolving mutants. Vast open world and randomly generated levels to explore! Can you survive long enough to escape the horror?","Soccer Legends combines tactical RPG elements with soccer, allowing you to form, manage, train and improve your team and use it in turn-based matches, where clever strategies are the only way to glory. Gorgeous animation sequences inspired by the 90s anime series style offer a truly new experience!","TDP4 Team Battle is a real-time multiplayer 2D shooter game with MMORPG elements. The bloody battle for survival among 3 races. There are various types of matches, locations and types of guns. Developed Clan and Tournament system.","Wanted Corp is a top-down action game in which you play as two intergalactic bounty hunters with different powers. Play solo or with a friend, locally or on-line and team up to survive! The hunt is on!",WolfWars is a fantasy tactical strategy card game that you will be able to build or edit your decks with available cards and heroes.,You are the sword; cut down your foes with steel and thunder. You are the wings; explore the skies and uncover unreachable mysteries. Embark on a journey through a vicious world ruled by darkness and imperial tyranny - the lands of Blackmist.,The Depths of Tolagal is an addictive roguelike dungeon crawler with an emphasis on tactical combat.,The second campaign - Battle of Empires: Russian Empire - is devoted to the battles between the Russian and German armies on the Eastern front. Both of these campaigns are included in the base game.,The appearance of the first tanks on the battlefields led to a global change of the principles of the warfare.The tactic of using tanks was improved more and more and their number has steadily grown since the day of the battle on Somme in 1916 and till the end of the combat actions.,"From a peaceful training village to a hell-like demon world, you become Ninja Guy, in his hilariously epic quest to prove himself to the Holy Cow Sensei and bring down an evil gargantuan Minotaur! Remember... Guns don't kill people, Ninja do!","In the new campaign, you'll be able to see the war from the perspective of an ordinary officer. You will have to fight alongside Turkish and Austrian troops against the Serbian and Italian armies.",The light of the world fades. Evil hearts seek the Power of the Elements - the forces which bind the universe together - thus threatening all of existence. An homage to the 8-BIT era with a charming art style.,"This is the entire original soundtrack to Data Hacker: Initiation, consisting of 37 unique compositions! Sample link on store page.","The Data Hacker: Corruption Soundtrack features 41 amazing compositions in MP3 format, plus a further 9 bonus 16-BIT tracks! Samples link on the store page.",Meat grind your way through an online multi­-player death match...with bunnies. Pick your bunny and enter levels of bunny blitzing mayhem. Take on your friends or meet new people while you smash and stomp them into bloody bunny goo; bouncing your way to bunny bashing victory.,"After a violent tropical cyclone, the fish, shrimp, octopuses and other sea creatures find themselves flung out of the water… There's not a minute to lose! Use original tools to guide them to freedom! You'll need to think hard and act fast to save them all!",The Elven kingdom is in great danger! Thanks to the greed of Elven Queen Ginevra the Elven life-giving shrine was corrupted by the Evil Necromancer. The Troll and his fellow Gremlins must find the remaining holy shrines scattered around the kingdom to heal the cursed one and banish the Necromancer.,"Gunslugs 2 takes the action chaos genre further than ever before... into space and beyond. Rockets, tanks, choppers, train crashes, huge metal robots, aliens and hordes and hordes of the Black Duck army minions !",Death Goat is a bloody arcade shooter featuring hordes of brutal enemies &amp;amp; eardrum destroying Heavy Metal.,Unhack is a visual novel x puzzle game that explores the nature of greed. Destroy the 5K Worm alongside fully voiced AI companions!,"Deepworld is a massively-multiplayer 2D crafting adventure game. Mine and craft your way through a persistent online universe where there's always something new to discover. Battle frightening monsters, mysterious automatons, and other players in PvP!","Razenroth is an action shooter with a dark atmosphere, enriched with the elements of roguelike and RPG. All the levels, weather conditions, distribution and quantity of key elements are generated randomly. Thanks to this fact, a single game is different each time.","In the distant future, humanity has turned Venus into a livable environment. However, not all is well on Venusian soil as political intrigue pushes the way to help a young girl, the ace pilot known as Sonic Venus, to find the whereabouts of her missing father.","A turn-based grand strategy game in space, set in the near future: Defend Earth against an alien invasion from the edge of the Solar System and expand your campaign to push them back to their base.",Unhack is a visual novel x puzzle game that explores the nature of greed. Destroy the 5K Worm alongside fully voiced AI companions!,"A turn based strategy game with real time battles! Build up your settlement, train mighty armies, research technologies, cast spells, discover hidden goodies and more as you fight your way across the map to overthrow the enemy warlord in his keep!",Let There Be Life is an award-winning relaxing and creative experience that allows you to build trees and play with wildlife...just don't put too much shadow on the plants below!,"Pulsen is a music and rhythm game where you listen to music and move along to the beat. Can you master your timing and groove through the expansive song list and challenging patterns? Hit arrows to the beat of the music, the better your accuracy the better your score!","A turn-based grand strategy game in space, set in the near future: Defend Earth against an alien invasion from the edge of the Solar System and expand your campaign to push them back to their base.","In Disney's Bolt, players take on the heroic personas of the TV star dog, Bolt, and his owner, Penny, from the high-action television series featured within the film.","Form your own game studio set in the early 1980s in a small garage. Develop your own game ideas, create a team and develop megahit video games. Research new technologies, train your staff and upgrade your office space, going from a lowly garage to a huge building. Expand your business and dominate the world market for video games!","Pluck is a fast paced twin stick shoot 'em up that supports up to 4 players. Venture through procedurally generated dungeons, vanquishing enemies along the way. Collect various items and abilities to become more powerful on your run. Be careful, though, once you're dead it's game over. How long will you last?","Chronicles of Teddy : Harmony of Exidus is a 2D Adventure / Action game with a Pixel Art Retro finish. Help Tarant in a quest, in which you will have to fight, use your sense of direction and hearing to accomplish your mission.",Colonial Conquest is a conquest simulation set in the Victorian age of warfare and expansion of the late 1800's and early 1900's.,"WAW is a unique historical strategy turn-based game, in a boardgame spirit, which aims at simulating in one single system ALL kind of wars and conflicts throughout the world (and beyond) from Prehistoric times to nowadays, on the operational or strategic levels.","You are Kaplan, an amnesic shadow awakening in Mnemosyn, « the land of memories ». Will you solve the mysteries of your mind ?","&amp;quot;The Lady&amp;quot; is a 2D Surreal Puzzle Horror, featuring hand drawn character art, stop motion animation, and a hauntingly abrasive Noisecore Soundtrack. The game takes the user on an emotional experience like no other in Indie Gaming.",Be an action B-movie hero and defeat all your enemies in this intense fighting experience! Stay Dead Evolution is a unique arcade action game based on real life footage.,Use fusion. Avoid obstacles. Die. Try again.,"On A Roll 3D is a fast, colourful 3D platform game. Roll your way through 24 huge levels across six different themes and be prepared to take on spikes, mines, dynamite, conveyor belts, springs, switches, doors, bumpers, lasers, saws, fire, ice, water, electricity, trapdoors and much much more.","A dialogue-free adventure RPG, driven by the story of a little girl whose family has gone missing at a ship breaking yard. Music by Secret of Mana's Hiroki Kikuta. Adventure through a child’s innocent and magical imagination as it meets the dark reality of life.","A comic-styled mashup of Galaga-style shoot-em-up, simple platforming action, and Saturday morning cartoon. In collaboration with Eisner-award-winning cartoonist James Kochalka!","All the items you need, ranging from Ducats (in-game money), storage and boosters! The Guardian of the Sea Pack is perfect for the spender on a budget.","Sentinel of the Sea Pack, voted by our players as the 'best deal' among all cash items available in the Astro shop! It's the Souped-up version of the Guardian pack! Get it now and outplay your competitors!","Age of Fear 2: The Chaos Lord is a refreshingly fun strategy title that marries a tabletop wargame with elements of RPG. The game features a huge variety of units, a novel hex-free battle system, morale, and multiplayer. Play as a manipulative succubuss or a brutal orc warchief in two story driven campaigns!","Help three brave adventurers on their quest to stop the diabolical Baron Von Smog’s plot to conquer Steam Land. However, there is an army of evil minions that stand in your way. Challenge yourself in this new puzzle strategy game; includes 12 action-packed stages, a full soundtrack, competitive online play, all in stunning 720p HD...",Download the Hotline Miami 2: Wrong Number digital comic series by Dayjob Studio and dive into the backstory of several factions on a path to confrontation. The entire five-part series is free to download!,The Deity Quest Demo includes the first three locations of the game and the first boss fight against your rival over Amber Isle. It is approximately the first hour of gameplay.,"The extended edition adds many interesting features on top of the base game, most notably an epilogue to the story and the ability to design custom follower types.",Embark on a dangerous journey in the role of a small boy who is chasing his dream of becoming a great adventurer.,"Samphi is a fresh, randomly-generated, survival-RPG with a shifted focus to skills, world management, and a story mode*. Travel through broken memories of a failing relationship to try and salvage what’s left. How you play is up to you. The world is yours. Your story is waiting.","Lazors is a puzzle game of lasers and mirrors offering more than 200 levels, ranging from easy distractions to hard challenges.",You play as a new arrival to a foggy and mysterious town. You find yourself waking up in the bodies of the town's inhabitants at pivotal moments of their lives. Make tough choices as you discover the truth about this town called Greyfox.,"This is the original soundtrack from the light-hearted RPG, Deity Quest, developed by Fancy Fish Games. This album includes 2 Bonus Tracks: &amp;quot;The Death of a Deity&amp;quot; &amp;amp; &amp;quot;City in the Sky (Muranasty Remix)&amp;quot;.","Catch the celebrity.Avoid the paparazzi.Paparazzi is a local multiplayer game of cat-and-mouse. The celebrity runs, dashes, and hides while the paparazzi tries to take constant photos of them. It's a simple yet competitive arcade-action game with a Where's Waldo feel.","Countless Rooms of Death is a puzzle / adventure game with a horror atmosphere. There are no weapons or real enemies; instead, we aim to bully your mind. All you, the player, have is a flashlight with which to find your way through a dark labyrinth, solving puzzles to acquire keys which will allow you to enter the next level.",Vulture for NetHack is an isometric graphical interface for the roguelike engine: NetHack.,"&amp;quot;The Hangman's Ballad&amp;quot; is a DLC side-story for Boot Hill Heroes that can be unlocked after the main game is finished. Reassemble Kid, Doc, Rosy and Moon and head to Crazy Bone Pass to investigate a Chepakwik raid. But not everything is as it seems as Moon encounters her own brother, First Winter.","Fallen Temple is a 2-D action RPG that combines the dungeon puzzling of Zelda and the Hack'n'Slash game play of Diablo 1 in a fresh, fast paced 2-D game.","Loot Hunter is a fun role-play game from the world full of old ships, pirates and adventures!",,"An ancient tower in a forgotten land. A lone photographer on a desperate search. Facing dangerous animals, crumbling architecture, and perilous pitfalls, can you reach the summit of the Tower, and perhaps, redemption?",Crayon Chronicles is a:Single-playerTurn-basedRPGRoguelike...offering a relatively short (2-4 hours per play-through) but action-packed experience that randomly generates the level layouts each time you play.,"Get your friends and bust out the controllers, STARDUST VANGUARDS is a local four-player dueling game inspired by old-school anime space operas, combining arcade-style battling with the ability to summon your own NPC army as support!","Explore an avant-garde cubist dream, stimulate your visual senses and immerse yourself in a surreal TRIP. A visually tantalizing open world artware that culminates the player to relax and enjoy a safe enviroment for them to explore at their own pace. There are no objectives, no rules, just beauty and art.",Super Cyborg is an old school non-stop hardcore run'n'gun action game! You are an elite battle cyborg who is sent in to investigate a series of anomalies on a mysterious island. The merciless alien known as the 'Xirxul life form' has been awakened by unwitting scientists and now: all humanity is in danger!,"Throbax TD is the &amp;quot;Tower Defense&amp;quot; game you are looking for: Help Ughlar fight his way through 50 levels, buy over 100 upgrades and get all of the 50+ achievements.","Grass Simulator - Soundtrack, includes eight original composed soundtracks with genres such as Dubstep, Chipstep and so much more! – From Fan Favourite Brovine, to Rain on the Range, now available as DLC.","Relativity Wars is a god-type strategy/action game, set in a universe which obeys Einstein’s theories of relativity!",Nuclear weapons have the left the world barren and scorched the earth. Survival has never been harder for mankind. Resources are scarce as life has left this world. You are forced to constantly move and scavenge the next area for resources. Rivers are dry. Many of wanderers never survived the icy nights as the moon crosses the sky.,"Glide, swoop, tuck, dive, magnetize, grind, walldrive, and burn your way through rings to advance the difficulty of the vast, procedurally-generated environment while avoiding the fog and getting stranded! This game demands a great deal of skill and is not suited for casual players or people susceptible to motion sickness.","Finally comes to Steam the funniest graphic adventure game from Android and iOS. Featured by Google twice, with more than 100,000 downloads and thousands of positive reviews, The Great Fusion is back remastered with full HD graphics and redesigned comics.",Cahors Sunset is a light-RPG in which you control the decisions of an old French man. Your goal is try to keep the main character alive for as long as you can through the decisions you make each month. Every action have wanted and unwanted effects on your character's health.,Crest is a religion simulator that delivers a new take on the god game genre. Your only means of interaction with your followers and therefore influence on the world is by issuing commandments. Start leading and guide your people into the future!,Control a pond's ecosystem; experiment with what you can do and see what happens. Among Ripples is a meditative ecosystem management simulator; you add different creatures to the pond and see how they interact.,"&amp;quot;I need a Dustoff!&amp;quot; became an all-too-familiar call on the airwaves of jungle wars. Now take off with your rescue helicopter and search and save the life of the wounded soldiers in the field, often under fire. If you can't, nobody else can!","A.V. is a first-person stealth-puzzle-musical-adventure game (Try saying that 5 times fast). The game places the player in the role of a rogue music-processing algorithm from a computer's sound systems. From this role, the player can view the world only through audible means.","Try, die, cry, repeat. Flem is an old school hard-as-nails platformer about a sentient snot ball, with a nose-stalgia inducing soundtrack.","Geared is a highly addictive, physics-based spatial puzzler. Goal: Power the blue gears.","Experience the 30+ hour long continuation of the saga of the Dark Lord, Magus Drakhen Lee, in this innovative next installment that will draw you into the world of Cora like never before...","Original soundtrack by The Home Conversion, and an artbook with director's commentary.","Find yourself trapped alone in a room with a ticking time bomb. Your friends have the manual to defuse it, but they can't see the bomb, so you're going to have to talk it out – fast!","Feel the pulse of a world at war. Now with all music from the game, the Grey Goo soundtrack combines the sonic firepower of Frank Klepacki (composer of Command &amp;amp; Conquer) with the depth and scale of the Budapest Scoring Symphonic Orchestra.","Plush combines stuffed animal simulation with the imagination of a little girl to provide a unique puzzle experience. To successfully complete each level, the player must arrange the stuffed animals in such a way as to make them all &amp;quot;happy&amp;quot; before bedtime.","SickBrick is an action-packed science fiction first-person-shooter (FPS) with vivid graphics and fast, frantic game play. Destroy hundreds of hostile robots with a wide variety of weapons on a strange alien planet.","HitBox is a fast paced, competitive multiplayer shooter. A minimalist and colorful style enables high frame rates and fluid gameplay. Play local or online multiplayer with up to 4 players in splitscreen!","USC is a turn-based, top-down view tactics game in which you control the crew of a stranded recon vessel in a &amp;quot;first contact war&amp;quot; for survival, featuring a detailed combat system with RPG elements, fully interactive randomized maps, unique weapons and gadgets, crafting, and custom multiplayer modes.","Build and manage a space station in the outer reaches of space. The challenges will be many, oxygen will escape through every tiny hole in the hull, you'll contend with asteroid showers and nebulous alien blobs.","Lux Delux is a fast-paced turn-based-strategy game of risk and world domination, with so much more! Highly moddable, Lux has over 900 maps, diverse random map generators, a biohazard mode, an AI SDK, and an online multi-player league.","Bring your images to life! Create living, breathing worlds from your still image with just a few clicks. DP Animation Maker lets you make natural scenes burst with vibrancy, and gives motion to people and objects. And it’s easy! You don’t need technical skills or design experience.",“Dispatcher” is a first-person horror with RPG elements.The game takes place in the near future on a spaceship “Dispatcher” which crew got into an accident and trapped with alien monsters.,Set of 10 additional multiplayer maps.,"Around the world in 80 flights! Circumnavigate the globe, heading east from the historic Farnborough airfield in the UK, on an epic 80-leg journey around the world. Fly over the Alps and Pyrenees before facing the challenge of the mighty Himalayan range. Explore the Far East and Australia.",This free DLC includes the &amp;quot;Battle for Berlin&amp;quot; multiplayer mission.,Evolve through the history of video games in this fun-filled blast from the past.,Art Book for A.V. This art book gives some detail behind the process involved when making art for A.V. as well as concept images and other interesting art pieces from the game.,Full soundtrack from A.V. Includes two versions - Album and Raw.,Experience a point-and-click adventure RPG game like never before featuring seven playable female characters and a male vampire in this not-so serious tale. Catz and Kitsune desire to go on an adventure with Xenonight who have no choice but to follow them.,"Sym is a puzzle-platformer that explores social anxiety disorder. Play as Josh, a teenage boy trying to reconcile a maze of two contrasting worlds that coexist within the blank spaces of each other - his perception of reality, and the world he created to avoid his fears.","Hashtag Dungeon is a dungeon crawler with roguelike elements that uses Twitter as its method of dungeon generation! Create dungeons yourself using our built-in dungeon editor and tweet your levels to the world, or venture through levels created by other players.",Games of Glory is a top-down action team shooter set in a science fiction universe. Fight alongside your friends to earn fame and fortune in the epic intergalactic arenas of the Synarchy!,"Manage your economy, build and lead royal armies and rule mad dragons to restore your father’s empire to its former glory. It’s up to you to conquer and reunite all Skyworlds in this turn-based strategy game that brings back the beloved gameplay from strategy classics in a groundbreaking VR experience.","MechWarrior Online™ is a tactical online shooter set in the BattleTech Universe. The battlefields of the 31st century are dominated by powerful mechanized units known as BattleMechs. You will assume the role of an elite MechWarrior, fighting for supremacy over the galaxy.","Air Guardians is a flight combat game set in the distant future. A world government is attempting to seal their grip on power, and an air force of advanced fighter craft is called upon to fight them. Fly through several different levels, with cut scenes between missions and in game narration.","SCHAR: Blue Shield Alliance is a cooperative twin-stick shooter that features a variety of complementing ship classes to choose from. Upgrade your ships, defeat hundreds of enemies, save the galaxy all with some friends from the comfort of your couch.","Netherlands, 1520. The Destroyers of the Art come out of paintings and materialize from statues, they come to infect the Art and wreck the city. To trap them, help Mr. Bruesen create the Aspectus, the Perfect Painting, before the time runs out. Find the sect of the amorphous creatures and destroy it.","Nevermind ushers you into dark and surreal worlds within the minds of trauma patients. When played with biofeedback technology (via a standard webcam and/or supported heart rate sensor), Nevermind picks up on indications of fear—lashing out if you allow your feelings of anxiety to get the better of you.",An in-depth look at the concept art and design processes behind There Came an Echo.,"Welcome to Manyland, an open universe we invent and live together! In an infinite world of abundance, we create new things by drawing them, build new places, hang out and chat, collect, make music, party, script objects, go on adventures... and have fun together in ways none of us can predict.","Zombie Kill of the Week - Reborn is a challenging, fast paced, 2D survival shooter! Featuring a compelling single player survival mode and cooperative multiplayer for up-to four players, this is one zombie firefight you're not going to want to miss!",As civil crisis deepens and inequality tears the very fabric of society the discontentment of the masses manifests itself in violent public disturbances and civil disorder. Play as the police or the angry horde as RIOT – Civil Unrest places you in some of the world’s most fractious disputes.,"Now available for Fantasy Grounds, the Advanced Bestiary was one of the classic books of the d20 era and now it’s back for the Pathfinder RPG! The revised and expanded book features over 100 templates, a sample creature for each one, and brand new color art throughout.","Be prepared for the horror, and to run for your life, in this pixel style horror adventure featuring five possible endings!","Train of Afterlife is a mystery, psychological, horror Visual Novel.","EaW is a historical mod for Company of Heroes that adds new battlefronts with new commander trees, abilities, units, vehicles and weapons for each, representing in the best way, as far as possible, historical accuracy, to immerse players in a much more realistic gaming experience.",This fascinating documentary film tells the incredible true story of the pioneers of the British Video Games Industry from 1979 to the present day.,"Choose a path to adventure! Will you sneak into the dragon's lair, or challenge the beast openly? Will you fight for vengeance or for glory? Will you be tempted by elven romance? Will you be buried underground forever? Relive classic 1980s fantasy in this remastered gamebook.",Gunscape provides easy-to-use tools based on a block-placement interface everybody's already familiar with to create all types of maps. Don't like building stuff? Then just blast your way through hordes of monsters or duel with other players!,"Shipwreck is a top down adventure game in which you must travel the land, explore dungeons, and defeat monsters to earn safe passage off the island on which you are stranded.",Tactical turn-based space battles. Elaborate war strategies to prepare against the inevitable alien invasion.,Bret Airborne shakes up the standard match-3 formula with strategic gameplay and original game mechanics.,BoxesWithGuns is a 2D neon vertex endless shooter game. Try to survive as long as possible by avoiding collisions with the enemies that spawn. One game equals the length of the background music track playing. Collect dollars and customize your spaceship by adding new boxes and weapons.,Heroes Never Lose: Professor Puzzler's Perplexing Ploy is a hero-themed action puzzler with a super-powered twist!,Your sister Merle McPenrite has dropped off the grid without notice. Reports indicate that this is a fate she shares with countless others.,Design steampunk pixel airships out of functional modules and conquer the skies!,"Become a hero of the skies! Who has not ever wanted to be able to fly freely in the air. This dream was realized by using the potential and vision of the Air Force, and spawned the legendary aircraft. Heroes In the Sky provides easy control, which allows the player to immediately take off to the sky.","Accompany Hercules on a quest to rescue his wife, kidnapped by the evil Hades in 12 Labours of Hercules! You'll meet heroes from Ancient Greece as you vanquish beasts, repair roads and construct wonders in this stunning Time Management game!","Inspired by the bright lights and slot machines of Las Vegas, the Paradise City chip set is the perfect way to make a statement around the poker table. Make the baize pop and keep your opponents guessing and with this exciting neon chip set.","Go all in with the Vortex chip set. Mesmerizingly detailed, this futuristic sci-fi inspired set will leave your opponents in a spin. Play in style with the perfect accompaniment in any match around the poker table.",A tactical puzzle/roguelike on a hyperbolic plane.,"‘It came from space, and ate our brains’ is an Arcade top down shooter with horde survival gameplay. The brain slurping aliens are only vulnerable to bullets. Using your flashlight, environment and special powers you have a better chance to take care of the unwanted pink guests.","Evil witch decided to marry a prince. And everyone, who rejected her, she turned to frogs. Help bewitched princes to reach their brides to cure the spell with a kiss of love.","Pixel Privateers is a Squad Based Tactical RPG “Loot ‘Em Up” that will send your team of mercenaries through a mysterious wormhole on a quest to gather technology for your employer. An entire galaxy awaits - full of worlds to explore, factions to encounter, and epic gear to collect!",As a subatomic particle you start a journey into subatomic space! This arcade title takes you to the limits of your reaction speed - and with the powerful level editor you can create even harder challenges!,"Cars, guns &amp;amp; multiplayer mayhem! Play with insane vehicles with machine guns, railguns, rocket launchers and flamethrowers &amp;amp; compete in deathmatch, soccer and capture the flag game modes!","Refactor is a physics-based platformer taking elements from classic Metroidvanias. Placed in a world that is a puzzle itself, you can literally turn the world upside down by rearranging the map and building your own pathways through the game.","Stand your ground against your friends and push them to their limit in this local multiplayer fighter! Slash, dash and claw your way to victory defeating them throughout Mount Samudai and face off against their Ultimate Boss Mode!",Play &amp;quot;Rock &amp;amp; Roll Hoochie Koo&amp;quot; by Rick Derringer on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Cherry Pie&amp;quot; by Warrant on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Renegade&amp;quot; by Styx on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Rainbow in the Dark&amp;quot; by Dio on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Ace of Spades&amp;quot; by Motörhead on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Animal I Have Become&amp;quot; by Three Days Grace on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Riot&amp;quot; by Three Days Grace on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Never Too Late&amp;quot; by Three Days Grace on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Break&amp;quot; by Three Days Grace on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Just Like You&amp;quot; by Three Days Grace on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Animal I Have Become&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Break&amp;quot;, “Just Like You”, “Never Too Late” and &amp;quot;Riot&amp;quot; by Three Days Grace on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Don’t Know What You Got (Till It’s Gone)&amp;quot; by Cinderella on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Love Song&amp;quot; by Tesla on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;More Than Words&amp;quot; by Extreme on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Amanda&amp;quot; by Boston on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Every Rose Has Its Thorn&amp;quot; by Poison on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Remedy&amp;quot; by Seether on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Fake It&amp;quot; by Seether on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Broken&amp;quot; by Seether on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Remedy&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Fake It&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Broken&amp;quot; by Seether on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Mountain Song&amp;quot; by Jane’s Addiction on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Been Caught Stealing&amp;quot; by Jane’s Addiction on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Jane Says&amp;quot; by Jane’s Addiction on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Just Because&amp;quot; by Jane’s Addiction on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Superhero&amp;quot; by Jane’s Addiction on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Mountain Song&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Been Caught Stealing&amp;quot;, “Jane Says”, “Just Because” and &amp;quot;Superhero&amp;quot; by Jane’s Addiction on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Last Resort&amp;quot; by Papa Roach on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Scars&amp;quot; by Papa Roach on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Getting Away With Murder&amp;quot; by Papa Roach on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Last Resort&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Scars&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Getting Away With Murder&amp;quot; by Papa Roach on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Just What I Needed&amp;quot; by The Cars on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Let’s Go&amp;quot; by The Cars on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Good Times Roll&amp;quot; by The Cars on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;You’re All I’ve Got Tonight&amp;quot; by The Cars on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Bye Bye Love&amp;quot; by The Cars on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Just What I Needed&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Let’s Go&amp;quot;, “Good Times Roll”, “You’re All I’ve Got Tonight” and &amp;quot;Bye Bye Love&amp;quot; by The Cars on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Hallelujah&amp;quot; by Jeff Buckley on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Grace&amp;quot; by Jeff Buckley on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Last Goodbye&amp;quot; by Jeff Buckley on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Grace&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Hallelujah&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Last Goodbye&amp;quot; by Jeff Buckley on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Zombie&amp;quot; by The Cranberries on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Alternative Ulster&amp;quot; by Stiff Little Fingers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;I’m Shipping Up to Boston&amp;quot; by Dropkick Murphys on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Drunken Lullabies&amp;quot; by Flogging Molly on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Becoming a Jackal&amp;quot; by Villagers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Zombie” by The Cranberries, &amp;quot;Alternative Ulster” by Stiff Little Fingers, “I’m Shipping Up to Boston” by Dropkick Murphys, “Drunken Lullabies” by Flogging Molly, and &amp;quot;Becoming a Jackal” by Villagers on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Madhouse&amp;quot; by Anthrax on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Caught In A Mosh&amp;quot; by Anthrax on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Indians&amp;quot; by Anthrax on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Got The Time&amp;quot; by Anthrax on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Madhouse&amp;quot;, “Caught In A Mosh”, “Indians” and &amp;quot;Got The Time&amp;quot; by Anthrax on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Tonight I’m Gonna Rock You Tonight&amp;quot; by Spinal Tap on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Big Bottom&amp;quot; by Spinal Tap on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Stonehenge&amp;quot; by Spinal Tap on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Gimme Some Money&amp;quot; by Spinal Tap on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Sex Farm&amp;quot; by Spinal Tap on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Tonight I’m Gonna Rock You Tonight&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Big Bottom&amp;quot;, “Stonehenge”, “Gimme Some Money” and &amp;quot;Sex Farm&amp;quot; by Spinal Tap on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Glycerine&amp;quot; by Bush on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Comedown&amp;quot; by Bush on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Everything Zen&amp;quot; by Bush on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Swallowed&amp;quot; by Bush on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Comedown&amp;quot;, “Everything Zen”, “Glycerine” and &amp;quot;Swallowed&amp;quot; by Bush on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;The Boys Are Back In Town&amp;quot; by Thin Lizzy on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Jailbreak&amp;quot; by Thin Lizzy on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Dancing In The Moonlight (It’s Caught Me In Its Spotlight)&amp;quot; by Thin Lizzy on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;The Boys Are Back In Town&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Jailbreak&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Dancing In The Moonlight (It’s Caught Me In Its Spotlight)&amp;quot; by Thin Lizzy on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Through Glass&amp;quot; by Stone Sour on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;My Own Worst Enemy&amp;quot; by Lit on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Ocean Avenue&amp;quot; by Yellowcard on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Feel the Pain&amp;quot; by Dinosaur Jr on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Hemorrhage (In My Hands)&amp;quot; by Fuel on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Through Glass” by Stone Sour, &amp;quot;My Own Worst Enemy” by Lit, “Ocean Avenue” by Yellowcard, “Feel the Pain” by Dinosaur Jr, and &amp;quot;Hemorrhage (In My Hands)” by Fuel on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Thunderhorse&amp;quot; by Dethklok on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Awaken&amp;quot; by Dethklok on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Go Into the Water&amp;quot; by Dethklok on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Thunderhorse&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Awaken&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Go Into the Water&amp;quot; by Dethklok on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Spoonful&amp;quot; by Howlin’ Wolf on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Boom Boom&amp;quot; by John Lee Hooker on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Hide Away&amp;quot; by Freddie King on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Ain’t No Love In The Heart of the City&amp;quot; by Bobby “Blue” Bland on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Be Careful With a Fool&amp;quot; by Johnny Winter on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Spoonful” by Howlin’ Wolf, &amp;quot;Boom Boom” by John Lee Hooker, “Hide Away” by Freddie King, “Ain’t No Love In The Heart of the City” by Bobby “Blue” Bland, and &amp;quot;Be Careful With a Fool” by Johnny Winter on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Two Weeks&amp;quot; by All That Remains on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Six&amp;quot; by All That Remains on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;This Calling&amp;quot; by All That Remains on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Six&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;This Calling&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Two Weeks&amp;quot; by All That Remains on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Raining Blood&amp;quot; by Slayer on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Angel of Death&amp;quot; by Slayer on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Seasons in the Abyss&amp;quot; by Slayer on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;South of Heaven&amp;quot; by Slayer on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Dead Skin Mask&amp;quot; by Slayer on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Angel of Death&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Dead Skin Mask&amp;quot;, “Raining Blood”, “Seasons In The Abyss” and &amp;quot;South of Heaven&amp;quot; by Slayer on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Friday I’m In Love&amp;quot; by The Cure on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,,Play &amp;quot;Lovely Day&amp;quot; by Bill Withers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Lovely Day” by Bill Withers, &amp;quot;Friday I’m In Love” by The Cure, and “For The Love Of God” by Steve Vai on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;No One Knows&amp;quot; by Queens Of The Stone Age on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;3s &amp;amp; 7s&amp;quot; by Queens Of The Stone Age on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Little Sister&amp;quot; by Queens Of The Stone Age on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Make It Wit Chu&amp;quot; by Queens Of The Stone Age on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;I Appear Missing&amp;quot; by Queens Of The Stone Age on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;No One Knows&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;3s &amp;amp; 7s&amp;quot;, “Little Sister”, “Make It Wit Chu” and &amp;quot;I Appear Missing&amp;quot; by Queens of the Stone Age on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Rock This Town&amp;quot; by Brian Setzer on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Crazy Little Thing Called Love&amp;quot; by Queen on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Blue Suede Shoes&amp;quot; by Carl Perkins on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Be-Bop-A-Lula&amp;quot; by Gene Vincent and His Blue Caps on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Hello Mary Lou (Goodbye Heart)&amp;quot; by Ricky Nelson on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Rock This Town” by Brian Setzer, &amp;quot;Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen, “Blue Suede Shoes” by Carl Perkins, “Be-Bop-A-Lula” by Gene Vincent and His Blue Caps, and &amp;quot;Hello Mary Lou (Goodbye Heart)” by Ricky Nelson on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Balls To The Wall&amp;quot; by Accept on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;All Right Now&amp;quot; by Free on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Dark Quest is a turn based fantasy role playing adventure game where players assume the role of a mighty barbarian on his epic quest to destroy the forces of the evil sorcerer and save the land from evil.,"Introducing Corona MotorSport, the newest independently developed and published racing game on the market. Now featuring Racing AI!","Synonymy is a non-profit, educational word game narrated by Richard Dawkins where players are challenged to find a path between random words through their network of synonyms. By taking the synonym of a word, and then a synonym of that synonym, and so on, you can ultimately arrive at any other word in a language.","Vantage is a Primitive Survival Game. Your main objective is simple... to stay alive! You explore the massive world searching for food, creating primitive tools and weapons to create, hunt, and craft other items to make your life easier.","Toto Temple Deluxe is a fast-paced, local-multiplayer king-of-the-hill style game in which players must steal an egg-laying goat from their friends and try to keep it on their own head for as long as possible. You know, normal stuff.",Pixel Survivors is a god management game. Create some land and build structures to keep your small society settled. See how long you can keep your village alive!,"Pilot your ship in the seamless open world made of space, planets, and more. Find new ships and equipment, find allies and beat all the enemies in this open source space shooter!","A three-man activist group has set out to make the world a better place by stealing famous pieces of art in the world's most renowned museums, selling them to private collectors, and donating the money to charity.","In this classic adventure, you will take on the role of young Scotland Yard Detective Brent Halligan, assigned to solve the puzzle surrounding a mysterious order of Druids and a series of gruesome murders. It appears that the neo-Druids are conducting ritual killings in order to conjure up incredibly sinister forces.","MagNets: an intense arcade-style robot-recycling collect-em-up! Players must fight to restore order in Polarity City, one arena at a time. Do this by capturing malfunctioning Bloxbots in your Electromagnetic Nets, or use your MagNet to fight against a friend!","The series &amp;quot;World of Subways&amp;quot; features some of the most interesting Subway Routes of the world for the PC. Once again World of Subways 4 comes back to New York, perhaps the most exciting city in the world. The whole gaming world takes place in the 70ies/80ies and is created in its typical look.","I am excited to release my first game on Steam! SimpleRockets was released in 2013 for mobile and I've put a ton of work into it to get it ready for PC and Mac. It was inspired by KSP, and it offers a simpler 2D experience for building rockets and exploring space with realistic orbital mechanics.","Overture is an action-adventure roguelike which draws heavy inspiration from hits such as Diablo, Realm of The Mad God, Zelda, and The Binding of Isaac. Explore vast randomly generated dungeons and slay hordes of cunning enemies!","A casual bike skills game full of action and real physics dynamics. Motorbike comes with 100 original tracks, thousands of online tracks and a track editor to create your own tracks and share with other players. Additionally, you can play Motorbike online against other players. Select from different riders, bikes and landscapes.",Adventure through Radiator Springs with Lightning McQueen andsome of your favorite movie characters. Complete a series of awesome challenges as you gear up for the big race!,"A Co-op &amp;quot;Metroidvania&amp;quot; inspired by hits from the 90's! Explore Endica with your friends in a 4-Player Retro Game featuring elements from Run &amp;amp; Gunners, Platformers, Bullet-Hell Shooters, as well as Street Fighter Moves and RPG Elements! Also features Versus Mode &amp;amp; Mini-Games!","Cyberpunk 3776 harkens back to the glory days of arcade shoot-em-ups. It all begins on a postapocalyptic earth and proceeds into space. Your journey will be a metaphor about life and death, a road that every person has to walk down alone. The only choices you get while on your path to the inevitable end: keep your head up high or forfeit.","Top Trumps™ Turbo is a brand new, exclusive fun and exciting Top Trumps™ card game brought to you by Funbox Media. Use the cards and your skills to beat the computer and become the ultimate Top Trumps™ Turbo Champion!","Gene is an awesome, fun, well designed platformer. With a huge creative environment to explore, you must run, jump and blast your way through. Featuring high scores, pesky enemies to defeat, free play mode and mutations to collect. It’s hours of fun.","Spoopy !- DiS and Vigil are two friends who visit the haunted residence the newspapers have been covering recently. Unbeknownst to them, however, the place is not as abandoned as the press makes out... - Be drawn into exploring the mysterious past of the psychotic murderer who once called the place home?",Zotrix is a modern take on the classic arcade shooter. The game introduces resource trading economy and system of upgrades between number of space stations bringing the classic experience into modern generation. Aliens are attacking and Solar Division Command needs You!,"The killer PARTICLE MACE OST by Nathaniel Chambers, including two bonus tracks.","This package contains all 11 tracks from Camera Obscura, as well as two bonus tracks and four piano arrangements not heard in the game, totaling 56 minutes of music. All tracks are in high-quality MP3 format. The package also includes bonus commentaries on the conception and creation of each track from the composer, Trenton Ng.","Welcome to StaudSoft's Synthetic World Beta! It allows you via a seed to create a unique landscape with mountains, oceans, trees and beaches. Although it looks like a normal game engine, everything in the game is based on voxels. So everything you see can be changed. You can cut down trees, build a house or dig into the ground!","Featuring six levels of intense shooting action, Tiamat X is a rip-snortin tribute to the side-scrolling space shooters of yesteryear, and would be right at home blazing away on the screen of a booming, beer-stained arcade cabinet.","3 Players Co-op tower defense. Play it with your friends! Try, try one more time. Life is full obstacles, overcome them! Destroy negativity, clear your mind! Particula brings you a new perspective in gaming, helping you to concentrate, and to clear your mind. Live, live like it was your last day.","Turn a scripted steel-cage wrestling match into a real fight in this 250,000-word interactive novel, the greatest text-based pro-wrestling RPG in the world!","Turn a scripted steel-cage wrestling match into a real fight in this 250,000-word interactive novel, the greatest text-based pro-wrestling RPG in the world!","The king's daughter has turned into a man-eating monster, and either you find the cure, or it's off with your head!","An art-music-arcade game, inSynch is handcrafted and animated in stop motion. The game jumps and hops between meditative compositions and devilishly hard time-attack challenges!","Agarest 2 - DLC Bundle #1Peddling Damascus SP, 1st Generation Exclusive Pack, Bonus Point Pack 3, Frensberge Speciality Pack 1, Frensberge Specialty Pack 2","Agarest 2 - DLC Bundle #22nd Generation Exclusive Pack, Shaldie Mail Order 1 Pack, Frensberge Specialty Pack 3, Frensberge Specialty Pack 4, Bonus Point Pack 4","Agarest 2 - DLC Bundle #4Bonus Point Pack 6, Bonus Point Pack 7, Bonus Point Pack 9","Agarest 2 - DLC Bundle #4Additional Massage Costumes, Additional Bath Costumes, Bonus Point Pack 8",Agarest 2 - DLC Bundle #6Extra Characters &amp;amp; Costumes,"Agarest 2 - DLC Bundle #7Unlock All Movie Galleries, Unlock All Galleries, Additional Rough Gallery","Agarest 2 - DLC Bundle #8Unlock All Characters, Unlock All Voices, Unlock All Event Galleries","Hypnotize characters, discover their inner worlds, fight phobias, regain your true love and save the humanity.","Get ready for ridiculous fun in this multiplayer free-roaming stunting game. Drive a bus, tank or monster truck and speed across huge open worlds. Level up your car, participate in random events and discover secret areas. Buy now and get a free copy to gift to your friend!","Total War™: ATTILA – Longbeards Culture Pack About the DLC: The Longbeards Culture Pack brings three new playable factions to Total War™: ATTILA. The Langobards, the Burgundians and the Alamans may be used in Single or Multiplayer Campaign modes and Custom and Multiplayer battles.","The Celts Culture Pack brings three new playable factions to Total War™: ATTILA. The Picts, the Caledonians and the Ebdanians may be used in Single or Multiplayer Campaign modes and Custom and Multiplayer battles.","The Last Roman Campaign Pack is an epic expansion for Total War: ATTILA, delivering a narrative, mission-based experience on a new, highly-detailed campaign map of the Mediterranean theatre.",The Empires of Sand Culture Pack brings three new playable factions and new religion features to Total War™: ATTILA.,"The world lays in tatters, exhausted, bleeding, scarred and burnt, the people desperate. But even after the apocalypse there are men willing to give everything to return to light, to knowledge, to civilisation. Whatever the cost, and whatever the means...","This ain't your mama's melancholy space music. Whether you're daydreaming in a coffee shop or laser-focused on getting work done, this soundtrack has got your back. 50+ minutes of amazing jams by the most prolific composer working in indie games. You'll leave Earth the moment you press play.",Bob Was Hungry is a challenging precision platformer with many levels designed to truly test your platforming skills. Play alone or online with 2-8 player co-op and make your way through countless perils to feed your bob!,"Rainbow Hero is an old-school puzzle game set in beautiful painterly worlds. Travel on multi-directional platforms, reflect the lasers off walls, control two characters simultaneously, teleport characters and their items and a lot more.",Ms Director battles the 5K Worms alongside her AI companions. Will the community appreciate or ridicule their efforts?,Silicone-2 - a shooter with a first-person. In the story the player will have to quell the uprising of robots.,The most terrifying journey of your life set in the beautiful winter scenery of the Ural Mountains. Uncover the horrific mystery behind the Dyatlov Pass Incident. Narrated by the famous Sean Bean.,The original soundtrack to the game Unhack.,"Awaken on an asteroid in deep space, underneath comets and giant stars. Designed for HTC Vive, Prologue introduces the critically-acclaimed world of Irrational Exuberance—a fever dream of interstellar interactions. Take the first step on a journey of risk, wonder and discovery.",InMind is a short scientific adventure with arcade elements designed for the Oculus VR. Submerge into the microworld and experience the miracles of the human mind.,"The Cortex is your ultimate destination for Firefly Online news and information. This companion app is a great way to stay current with the game’s progress, take advantage of special offers and gain access to exclusive content!","Rotieer, move through the Level, rotate it and see it completly from the first second on!Solve Puzzles, find keys for locked Doors, move through Portals, ride Elevators and more...",Start out on an island with a basic rod. Progress into a radar-wielding master fisher-cat scouring the sea for the biggest and baddest fish. Each fish has unique behaviors that you will learn to exploit as you tailor your arsenal of fishing rods to suit your style of play. Mrrrow!,Relive the original MacVenture Series version of Shadowgate! Play through the Mac and Apple IIGS versions to experience where the franchise began.,Relive the original MacVenture Series version of The Uninvited! Play through the Mac and Apple IIGS versions and survive the supernatural dangers of the haunted mansion.,Relive the original MacVenture Series version of Déjà Vu! Play through the Mac and Apple IIGS versions and discover a classic detective mystery adventure.,Relive the original MacVenture Series version of Déjà Vu II! Play through the Mac and Apple IIGS versions as a hard-boiled detective in a city full of crime and mystery.,"Welcome to the world of Trash TV. Cast away into a recycling center, you play an outdated tube television animated to life with a singular goal – find your remote control and become fully functional again.","Tacoma is a sci-fi narrative adventure set aboard a high-tech space station in the year 2088. Explore every detail of how the station’s crew lived and worked, finding the clues that add up to a gripping story of trust, fear, and resolve in the face of disaster. From the creators of Gone Home.","All hands on deck! Pirate armada dead ahead! Take part in an uncompromising struggle repelling freebooters' assaults. Watch out, the enemy may catch the tide for ruining your fortress. Build towers, collect crystals, upgrade spells and believe in your victory!","Agarest 2 - DLC Bundle #33rd Generation Exclusive Pack, Shaldie Mail Order 2 Pack, Bonus Point Pack 5, Frensberge Specialty Pack 5, Frensberge Specialty Pack 6",Relive the golden age of aviation when a hardy band of adventurers first took to the air in direct defiance of gravity. This compelling collection of early aircraft features 5 machines that smashed records and finally allowed mankind to break the bonds holding us to terra firma.,"Great Britain is described as one of the most beautiful places on the planet. Take the opportunity to put that description to the test with a series of flight adventures that encompass the length and breadth of Great Britain, Ireland and the Channel Islands.",Discover Arabia puts you in the pilot's seat with a series of flights in this expansion for Microsoft Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition.This odyssey of exploration takes you to the sun-drenched Arabian Peninsula and the Middle East.,"The F-16 Fighting Falcon, developed by Aerosoft, is a multirole jet fighter built by General Dynamics for the US Air Force, but famous as a default fighter for Air Forces around the World.In its lifetime, the lightweight fighter has been exported to more than 25 countries, boasting a record-breaking production of over 4,400 aircraft.","Developed by aviation guru and flight simulation enthusiast Jane Whittaker, Dangerous Approaches is a mission pack consisting of 20 of the most nail-biting approaches in modern aviation. Following routes flown by real-world pilots, accuracy in speed and direction is of the essence.","Created for Aerosoft by Andras Kozma, Manhattan X provides the ultimate Big Apple experience for helicopter and general aviation enthusiasts.Fly amongst New York’s most iconic buildings, practice your landing skills on four heliports, and put your skills to the test in the Manhattan helicopter tour mission.","In this second exciting mission pack from acclaimed flight simulation developer Jane Whittaker, Cargo Crew challenges pilots to safely deliver air freight shipments against the clock, battling the forces of nature and unexpected mid-air trials.","Step back in time to the golden age of the classic adventure serial, and join archaeologist/adventurer Rick Rider as he searches the globe for the lost Treasure of Patit.Developed by Jane Whittaker, Treasure Hunt features a custom liveried Grumman Goose, an amphibious aircraft, which is included in FSX: Steam Edition.","It takes a special kind of pilot to be a rescue pilot. While most pilots actively avoid dangerous weather conditions and difficult landings, this will become part of daily life for you as an operational pilot in Arctic Rescue.","The property trading board game with a twist! Anti-Opoly is the property trading game that lets players choose free enterprise or monopoly, with different rules for each path.","Play as Doug McGrave, famous demon hunter for hire. Highest level, bestest gear, ruggedly handsome, and unrepentant jerk. For refusing to aid one stinking demon-infested town, you are immediately – and deservedly – cursed. Your powers, your wealth, and your weapons… Poof! Gone.",Mysterious Things are Happening on Vooju Island...,Please read the Early Access info below! Alpha 0.4.,"Travel back in time to the Old West, outwit a crafty hero-hunter, and use technopathic abilities to create mechanical golems from spare parts! Includes Unity, Ambuscade, and Silver Gulch, 1883.","This VRC PRO Deluxe cars expansion pack gives you the 6 remaining high performance (modified) cars! ✓ Faster cars with improved control and full setup options ✓ Access more online race events &amp;amp; series, multiplayer sessions and time-trial...",This VRC PRO Deluxe off-road tracks pack gives you 5 additional off-road RC tracks from all around the world. ✓ Expand your off-road tracks ✓ Experience real existing world class tracks ✓ Join more events &amp;amp; more multiplayer...,This VRC PRO Deluxe Electric on-road tracks pack gives you 5 additional on-road RC tracks from all around the world. ✓ Expand your electric on-road tracks ✓ Experience real existing world class tracks ✓ Join more events &amp;amp; more multiplayer...,This VRC PRO Deluxe Nitro on-road tracks pack gives you 5 additional on-road RC tracks from all around the world. ✓ Expand your nitro on-road tracks ✓ Experience real existing world class tracks ✓ Join more events &amp;amp; more multiplayer...,"Never Ending Night is a 2D side-scrolling exploration game. As the Player, you roam through a mysterious world you have no recollection of. Traverse through a broken world and survive through the mechanical monstrosities that have managed to survive the calamity...",”Nobunaga's Ambition” is the last word in historical simulation game where you take the role of the legendary Warring States Daimyō (Warlords) to to work your way towards unification. &amp;quot;Nobunaga's Ambition: Souzou&amp;quot; as the 30th anniversary of the series has numerous enhancements and features with &amp;quot;Power Up Kit&amp;quot;!,"Additional playable scenario for the title &amp;quot;Nobunaga's Ambition: Souzou with Power Up Kit&amp;quot;. Kagetora Uesugi, later known to become Kenshin Uesugi the God of War, arrives at a battle shattered Echigo. Relive the historical drama of the ambitious expedition the young hero sets out to.","An additional playable scenario for the title &amp;quot;Nobunaga's Ambition: Souzou with Power Up Kit&amp;quot;. Relive the historical drama unfold towards unification in the footsteps of Nobunaga Oda and Ieyasu Tokugawa, the sworn allies from childhood.","Welcome to Cataegis - The White Wind: Ziggurat Chapter, a frantic 2D arcade action retro-style game that pays homage to the glory days of 8-bit side scrolling gaming.","Sym is a puzzle-platformer that explores social anxiety disorder. Play as Josh, a teenage boy trying to reconcile a maze of two contrasting worlds that coexist within the blank spaces of each other - his perception of reality, and the world he created to avoid his fears.","1 – 4 players manage a film studio and compete in a thrilling challenge for fame, money and awards. Each player starts as head of a small film studio with small budget.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new horror outfits for Ryu, Ken, Akuma, Gouken, and Dan.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new horror outfits for Zangief, E.Honda, Rufus, Abel, and El Fuerte.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new horror outfits for M.Bison, Sagat, Vega, Balrog, and Seth.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new horror outfits for Guile, Blanka, Dhalsim, Gen, and Fei Long.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new horror outfits for Chun-Li, C.Viper, Sakura, Rose, and Cammy.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new horror outfits for Hakan, Makoto, Guy, Dudley, and Dee Jay.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new horror outfits for Juri, Ibuki, Cody, Adon, and T.Hawk.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new horror outfits for Yun, Yang, Evil Ryu, and Oni.","Alternate costume pack for USFIV. Contains new horror outfits for Rolento, Elena, Poison, Hugo, and Decapre.",Multiplayer virtual reality combat for the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive. Valiant is a medieval combat game that thrusts you into multiplayer team battles. Plan your attack strategy with your teammates before charging the enemy with melee and ranged weapons.,"Immortal Empire is a multiplayer tactics role playing game. Control a party of up to 5 immortals as you travel through a unique fantasy world, using spells and strategy to defeat your enemies. Play co-op, versus, or solo through a compelling campaign storyline with fully voiced characters.","Gain access to the Deluxe Edition which includes High-res wallpapers, a quality OST and a set of three manga sagas.",Launchable Socks' critically acclaimed original soundtrack for the the sleeper hit Qbeh-1 is currently available for FREE for a limited time!,"Janky Tanks is a local multiplayer combat game for 1-8 players. It features hilarious physics and rapid &amp;quot;janky&amp;quot; combat. Seriously, your tank winds up spending most of its time in the air, using wall jumps and rocket jumps to fight. It's fun for the whole family. Try it. You won't be disappoint.","Pixel Puzzles 2: Birds is a traditional style jigsaw puzzle game, with crabs scurrying around so WATCH YOUR FINGERS!!!","Send Skaven ships to the murky depths, cut Khorne’s champions to pieces &amp;amp; battle sea monsters as you explore the Warhammer oceans. Turn pirate &amp;amp; become the scourge of the Empire, or trade your way to riches along the Bretonnian coast. Based on Games Workshop's classic Man O’ War.","Agapan is a 2-D story and exploration game taking place in a mysterious and ominous setting. In this narrative oriented experience, the player controls David Garcia while he ventures into the town of Agapan. His goal: search for his last relative and uncover the secrets of a town where an ancient deity still reigns.","InnerCube is an action-puzzle game, where you control a multi-colored cube using the keyboard to navigate around a grid. Choose from two different modes: a challenging Puzzle Mode where every move counts or a fast and frantic Survival Mode!Unleash your Inner Cube!",Issue #1 of a brand new Dino D-Day comic series!,Explosive twin stick shooter. Lots of upgrades. Full controller support. Awesome soundtrack.,"Put yourself in the Front Office with Front Office Football, the professional football simulation from Solecismic Software. Manage your roster through trading, free agency and the amateur draft. Create game plans, organize depth charts and watch your franchise thrive for decades.",Magnetic: Cage Closed is a first person puzzle game where the player manipulates magnetic forces to accomplish their goals. The mechanics are focused around a single tool: The Magnet Gun which allows you to create electromagnetic fields with either positive or negative charges.,Use your cunning to defeat the demons of the Seven Deadly Sins and rescue humanity from destruction!,"GoatZ. Mandatory zombie survival DLC, because that's what everyone is doing now. You even have to eat every damn five minutes to survive because Dean Hall &amp;amp; Garry Newman said so. GoatZ. This is your story. The only aim is to survive.","Extend your experience in the unique universe of Dragon Ball Xenoverse with this DLC GT Pack 1 :3 Playable characters (GT Goku, Pan, GT Trunks)Episodes and QuestsMasters and Masters Quests1 StageSkills, Costumes and accessoriesZ-souls","Extend your experience in the unique universe of Dragon Ball Xenoverse with this DLC GT Pack 2 (+ Mira and Towa):4 Playable characters (Eis Shenron, Nuova Shenron, Towa and Mira)Episodes and Parallel QuestsMaster (Pan) and Masters QuestsSkills, Costumes and accessoriesZ-souls","Brand new content coming from the movie Dragon Ball Z: Resurrection of &amp;quot;F&amp;quot;. Get 3 new characters: Golden Frieza, SSGSS Vegeta and SSGSS Goku. The first character ever created by Akira Toriyama is also included in this pack: Jaco.","Smugglers 5: Invasion is a standalone expansion for the turn-based science-fiction space trading game, Smugglers 5. It starts where the original game ended. After years of civil war, the Federation finally emerged victorious, crushing all rebellion. Then came the Jalkath, an invading alien race looking much like the tigers of Old Earth.",An enchanting game of logic and relaxation.,"Big space sims need big soundtracks!The original soundtrack for Void Destroyer was composed by Fractures over the period of two years, and features 50 minutes (22 tracks) of ear candy. Fully remastered for this release, layers of heavy electronics are combined with cinematic styled arrangements.Your ears will thank you.","A visual short story set in Nebraska, Three Fourths Home follows an extended conversation between Kelly and her family during a drive home through an intense thunderstorm.","In Thank You: The Game, you play a man who has dedicated his life to helping strangers by answering their most important deep life changing queries!","The full original soundtrack for TinyKeep. Composed, orchestrated and mastered by Will Bedford.",This romance visual novel explores the question of gender integration at a private school. A curious series of events leads to our hero becoming the only boy at a prestigious girls' academy... But over 99% of the girls are against integration!,The Apotheon Original Soundtrack by Marios Aristopoulos,"Cryptark is a 2D sci-fi shooter where you take on the role of a heavily armed privateer seeking to earn government contracts by boarding deadly alien space-hulks. It's up to you to strategize a plan of attack, pick an equipment loadout, and destroy the central core to be victorious.","Struggle to survive in a harsh medieval world. Hunt wildlife, mine resources, build structures, and craft weapons and armor in order to protect yourself. You may form a guild, bring war to all opposition, and try to seize the throne and become king!",fault - milestone two side:above is a Cinematic Visual Novel that takes place right after the events of milestone one. Please note that this novel is a direct sequel to fault - milestone one and contains massive spoilers of the first story. Play through of the first title is highly advised.,"Don't let your fears get the better of you, and don't look away, no matter what you see. Get on board the Psycho Train, and begin your journey toward the unknown!","Step into the world of MMA in World of Mixed Martial Arts 3. In this simulation title, you control every aspect of the MMA world. Take control of an MMA company and run it the way you want. Decide who to hire, what matches will take place, and who doesn't make the cut!","Step into the world of wrestling in World Total Extreme Wrestling 2010. In this simulation title, you play the role of a wrestling promoter, and it is up to you to steer your company to the top of the industry!","Forsaken Fortress Strategy is a squad based, survival strategy game focused on base building and scavenging.","Have you ever wanted to be admiral of a huge, sprawling space battle-fleet of your own design? Ever wanted to design a fleet of battle-cruisers so powerful they can rip all who oppose them into space-dust? Ever wanted to build a battleship with purple rotating radars and 64 engines? Well we have good news for you...","What if you had it in your power to rid the world of disease, to improve the lives of millions, to ease suffering and cure the sick… and earn a tidy profit? As the head of your own Pharmaceutical Conglomerate you have this power resting in your hands. Will you use it for good?",Crystal Story II is a turn-based RPG that follows the story of a young Dragon on his quest to defeat an evil witch. He must seek allies to aid him on his journey and save the world from the oncoming invasion.,"In Exilium is a minimal hack and slash RPG focused on player discovery. You play as a once mighty king who has been exiled to a strange, hostile world. Only through exploration can you learn of why you were exiled… and how to return.","Trapped as an asteroid mining prisoner, explore, mine and craft to find unique ways to escape from the Mining Barge that is under control of an advanced AI alien race. Explore an procedural generated open world with fully destructible environments governed by Newtonian physics in this space flight sim, psychological survival horror game.",Undeadz! is an open world Zombie Survival game with a retro art style!,Sun Blast is the best 3d space shooter on Steam. Earn upgrades as you fight your way through a huge seleciton of levels. Full gamepad support!,"Welcome to StaudSoft's Synthetic World! It allows you via a seed to create a unique landscape with mountains, oceans, trees and beaches. Although it looks like a normal game engine, everything in the game is based on voxels. So everything you see can be changed. You can cut down trees, build a house or dig into the ground!",Solve difficult mysteries and collect tons of treasures in more than 100 challenging levels. You assist Jaques Roque in becoming a rich archeology superstar by solving simple to tricky mysteries.,Knight of the Hamsters Official Soundtrack.,"Tales of Aravorn: Seasons Of The Wolf demo let's you try the game features playing the first season/part of the story, Winter. Achievements and trading cards are disabled in the demo.",3d Engineers is a sandbox game/tool in engineering and construction.,"Oblivious Garden ~White Day is an additional chapter which tells the story between Irell and the noble princess, Leira.","Become a world savior in the new arcade game — Stay Alight®! Meet the adventurous Mr. Bulb, who will free the planet from the cartoonish microbes with your help. The green meanies have conquered the planet completely and utterly, so it’s up to Mr.","Blending top down &amp;quot;squirt em-up&amp;quot; action and &amp;quot;Pyroguelike&amp;quot; game mechanics, Flame Over features fast-paced fire-fighting thrills, randomly generated levels, 4 different game zones and dastardly hazards at every turn!",Ancient Planes is classic tower defense game. The stronghold of an ancient civilization has been invaded by hordes of alien raiders. Use powerful technologies of the Ancient and repel the attack of the enemy's armies!,"Your adventure is not over yet, the real enemy has appeared. Dr. Wolf has taken your lovely girl and you won't stop until you find her. To accomplish your mission, you will pass through many difficult challenges, putting your own life at risk.",Embark on 30 various intergalactic missions in Campaign mode or opt to survive an endless attack in Challenge mode.,"A grid-based dungeon-crawler, in classic first person perspective.An experiential horror challenge game that takes the player through a series of increasingly mysterious locations. Comes with a Full Dungeon Editor. Designed with full Virtual Reality support for the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift, also works great in Non VR.",Squirreltopia Soundtrack,"Victor Vran is the isometric action-RPG where your skill is just as essential as your character build and gear. Experience intense combat action: dodge, jump and unleash powerful skills to finish off your enemies!","Tasty Blue is an underwater side-scrolling eat 'em up game. You start as a small goldfish with an insatiable appetite. After being overfed by your owner, you'll escape into the ocean and eat everything that you encounter. The more you eat, the bigger you get!","Agent Awesome is a humorous strategy game in which you will have to help Agent A plan the perfect strategy to take down E.V.I.L., all of this in order to win a drunk dare. Awesome, right?","SHOGUN: Total War™ is the first, original title in a 15 year series of award-winning strategy games. This Collection Edition also includes the Mongol Invasion Expansion Pack.",MEDIEVAL: Total War™ - Collection Edition is the compilation of the critically-acclaimed Medieval: Total War and its official expansion pack - Viking Invasion.,"This game is a parody of horror games, rather than running and hiding from the monster you are now able to fight back!","Classic Retro point and click adventure from yesteryear. Set in the dark and foreboding village of Warty Hollow, The Quivering follows the fortunes of young Spud, as he tries to save his uncle, Olivetti Franken-Stamp, from the diabolical spell cast upon him by the big cheese from Hell, Big D.","Learn about animals from many regions of the world. Africa, Asia, Australasia, Europe, North America, Arctic and South America. With facts about a wide range of animals along with themes and print items to use, Wildlife Creative Studio will provide many hours of fun and learning.","Use the powerful Print Studio to create your own colourful posters, calendars, flyers and more! Play fun desktop games. You can even customise your PC using the Screensaver and Wallpaper Creator features – there’s plenty to do in the My Family Creative Studio!",Take control of shovel-master Fagus in this curious blend of whimsical English comedy and grim Dickensian horror.,"The EASIEST and FASTEST tool to make your own multi-platform visual novels! Quickly create your own games for Windows / MacOS / iOS / Android / HTML5 / CSS3, even if you know nothing about game programming or scripting!",,"King’s Quest is a collection of five different chapter releases, each focusing on an untold tale in Graham’s past. Discover a wondrous world full of whimsical characters, charming puzzles and perilous dangers in this fun and enchanting coming of age story.","WARNING! This game has an Age Restriction of 18. Vapour is an experimental horror game, that fuses elements of both old school and modern horror titles with the frantic game play of classic First Person Shooter titles. Blending horror, shooter, action, puzzle and platformer in a dynamic yet cohesive combination.","Take control of the Immortal servant, Azraeus, and clear your way down into The Pit, turning dead foes into undead minions. With the coming of this Necromancer, there are now 12 playable character classes in The Pit!",Witness the rebirth of a genre in Lumo – a classic isometric adventure with a modern twist for gamers young and old alike!,"Open the portal to a strange world and save your friend with Inbetween Land, a stunning sci-fi adventure. There's a sense that something just isn't right when a childhood friend calls for you.","The 4 Warjacks of the Apotheosis represent the most powerful Warjacks for the 4 core factions - Cygnar with the electric Thunderhead, Khador with the powerful Behemoth, Cryx with the deadly Deathjack, and Protectorate with the holy Avatar of Menoth.",The ultimate space capital ship combat compendium is the evolution of hard core space combat sims. The only game of its kind currently in existence.,"Block Legend DX is a retro puzzle JRPG. Travel through different regions as a wide cast of characters, fighting monsters, visiting towns, and completing quests. The DX version introduces improved and additional features and soundtracks!","Vinty has been getting nowhere with her calligraphy. Her confidence has sunk to an all time low. As life pressures her toward giving up, will she forget why she pursued this craft in the first place?","Bikes from the world's most beloved motorcycle manufacturers, breathtaking races, and a round-the-world trip taking in 15 different locations, all this and more in the new videogame: RIDE.","This Extra Edition was created for those who kindly enjoyed the main game and wish to show their appreciation. The DLC contains Without Within's short soundtrack, digital artbook, as well as three inspirational cards. Thank you for taking a look!","Have you ever dreamt of being a bus driver? Well, now you can take your seat behind the steering wheel of faithfully recreated service buses of the “Wiener Linien”!","Have you ever dreamt of being a bus driver? Well, now you can take your seat behind the steering wheel of faithfully recreated service buses of the “Wiener Linien”!","A challenging 2D platformer with numerous and pure mechanics to keep you interested throughout its unique adventure. Blast, burn, freeze your way through a story-driven adventure with a unique set of endearing characters. Jump long distances and do wall-runs for some stylish ninja action.",Blending horror survival/ Building and tower defence elements Damned Nation gives the player more ways to experience the post apocalypse the ever before.,Unleash the full power of the App Game Kit - a programming language designed to help you create video games that will run on almost any device. Take a journey from beginner to master with the help of The Official AppGameKit Tutorial Guide!,"Extend your gaming experience with the new official extension for Farming Simulator 15! This DLC contains all-new equipment from JCB including tractors, a wheel loader, a telescopic wheel loader, a skid steer loader and various attachments.",This content requires the base game Farming Simulator 15 on Steam in order to play.,Idol Hands is a strategy game where you gradually take over the world by guiding your people and defeating other gods.,"Use your skills as an architect and build your bridges using different materials such as iron, steel and wood in a variety of thicknesses and lengths. Make use of a variety of engineered parts including working hydraulics, rotary plates, winches, rope and support cables.","Original 'Darkest Dungeon' score by veteran composer Stuart Chatwood, featuring 18 tracks! This DLC contains both MP3/FLAC versions an will continue to be updated as new tracks are added to the game.","Embark on an all-new adventure with Shantae, the hair-whipping belly dancing genie. After losing her magic, Shantae teams up with the nefarious pirate Risky Boots in order to save Sequin Land from a curse.","Super Galaxy Squadron is a fast-paced vertical shooter designed for human beings as well as shmup veterans. Featuring multiple game modes, a challenging but merciful difficulty curve, forgiving health system, and seventeen playable ships.",Experience a brand new story in Gemini and discover the mysteries surrounding the Aethera nebula.,Download the Yamaha 2015 Bike Models DLC Pack to receive the most desired bikes of 2015.,The Note - Game where you have to find a friend.,"Battle of the Kursk is the first expansions for action-packed tactical masterpiece Battle Academy 2. It focuses on the key events of the Soviet counteroffensive and can be played from both sides: capture the station at Ponyri, the “little Stalingrad”, defend the road to Oboyan and launch the armoured charge at...","Imagi is the country where fairy tale characters live, with its bad guys and damsels in distress. So much so that becoming prince charming is a treacherous path where the gloves really come off! Two, three or four players all pretend to be princes who must survive a series of challenges!","Besiege is a physics based building game in which you construct medieval siege engines and lay waste to immense fortresses and peaceful hamlets. Build a machine which can crush windmills, wipe out battalions of brave soldiers and transport valuable resources, defending your creation against cannons, archers and whatever else the...","Somewhere along the venerable Route 7, in the middle of nowhere, you will find Joe’s Diner. The old Diner was built on the site of a former Indian cemetery. Amongst the buried, two rival chieftains are laid to rest; while alive each could not stand the other.","High School Musical 3: Senior Year DANCE lets fans experience the energy, fun, and music of all three &amp;quot;High School Musical&amp;quot; movies. Players can dance to the beat of favorite &amp;quot;High School Musical&amp;quot; songs in familiar movie locations alongside their favorite characters.",Enter the Dark Void and find out who the Dark Shaman really is… maybe. 10 levels of exciting solo puzzle-platforming that will have your head spinning - download now and enter the Dark Void!,Hungry for more co-op action? This pack contains another full co-op campaign: 10 brain-twisting levels that will test your skills and friendship in new ways. Download now and put your co-op skills to the test!,Astro Emporia is a CASUAL turn based randomised trading game where your objective is to make as much money in a limited amount of turns.,"I Can't Escape: Darkness is a quicksand trap for the senses - the more you listen and look for clues, the deeper you fall into a damp, living dungeon. Plunge into the depths and scrape together whatever tools you can find, then try to escape one of the most diabolical puzzles of all time!","As a man or woman stranded naked, freezing &amp;amp; starving on a mysterious island, you must hunt, harvest, craft items, grow crops, &amp;amp; build shelters to survive. Use skill &amp;amp; cunning to kill, tame, breed, &amp;amp; ride Dinosaurs &amp;amp; primeval creatures living on ARK, and team up with hundreds of players or play locally!","Battle other 2D stickman online while jumping around like a lunatic and getting blown up into smithereens. With 70 weapons, Boring Man is the most chaotic and hilarious 2D online shooter on the internet. Customize game modes with highly flexible options and crazy mutators!",Rktcr is tool-assisted-speed-run: the game.It both requires and enables you to play perfectly.It is a very difficult game.,This is the best offer ever - 5 Hidden Object titles at one small price! Enjoy hidden object madness for 20 hours and don't forget to present this bundle to your friends who love Hidden Object Games!,"A player inspired community driven survival game set in a crumbling world where you are faced with tough choices to ensure your survival, and much more as I am including a simple yet powerful level editor and heart pounding head to head match modes in both arena and realistic environments.","Classic RPG gameplay with a massive open world! Build your empire by buying land deeds, farming and questing. Go on dates, get married and adopt children. Cooking, crafting, fishing, alchemy, bartering, hunting, farming and trade systems.","Boring Man Premium! is the advanced version of Boring Man that gives you extra, aesthetic features to the game. No pay to win here!","You play David, an awfully small abstracted chosen hero tossed into a blissfully simple world overrun by giant culminations of evil physics-beasts. As David, you are given a slingshot-esque gift that you will have to use to conquer your colossus foes. Be there AND be square.","&amp;quot;I just want to go home...&amp;quot; A hand-drawn 3D puzzle-platformer. Control Drew find her way back home, through a series of abstract levels requiring you to find invisible paths, gaining color to her black-and-white character as you progress. Featuring unrestricted 2D animation in a 3D environment.",Help the plants to defend the garden from being invaded by sneaky beetles.,"Live your life as an animal in its natural setting in this multiplayer game. Hunt, graze or forage in the undergrowth for food, drink from the lakes, swim, even change to a bird and fly! Fight and kill or chat and make friends, even forge families together (yes, you can have babies!","Designed as a classic tycoon game, Ski Park Tycoon is a ski resort simulation PC game that will put your strategic thinking skills and creativity to the test.",The Old Tree is a short free-to-play cinematic puzzle game about a newborn alien baby. Witness this microscopic entity's first moments of life and help it emerge from its underground lair and ascend towards an unknown destination.,"After a violent tropical cyclone, the fish, shrimp, octopuses and other sea creatures find themselves flung out of the water… There's not a minute to lose! Use original tools to guide them to freedom! You'll need to think hard and act fast to save them all!","After a violent tropical cyclone, the fish, shrimp, octopuses and other sea creatures find themselves flung out of the water… There's not a minute to lose! Use original tools to guide them to freedom! You'll need to think hard and act fast to save them all!","The spectacular soundtrack to Heckabomb, the hit twin-stick shooter from Allicorn Games.",Total Conversion (modification) for the game Amnesia: The Dark Descent. Penumbra: Necrologue is a community-made mod interpreting the continuation of the Penumbra series.,A top-secret military research facility has gone dark. Their last communication only had two words in it: “Containment Protocol” Your task is to infiltrate the facility using a prototype remote control drone and work out what has happened to the facility and more importantly - what has happened to the weapon.,"A Pathfinder/3.5 Compatible Adventure for 4 level 7 PCs Deep within the blasted desert wastes a mysterious black tower has been sighted. The structure is not marked on any known map and has not been seen in this location by travellers in the region, yet there it stands.","A Pathfinder/3.5 Compatible Adventure for 4-5 level 7 PCs There comes a point in every adventuring career when a guildhall becomes a necessity. After all, where is the fighter going to hang his trophies? Where is the wizard going to perform his arcane experiments? Fortunately for the PCs, Edgewaith Manor is free for the taking.","Streets of Chaos is a unique strategy/board game where you become the leader of a resistance in an apocalyptic world. Features a randomly generated world each game, high-res graphics and original music, and an open-ended strategy model that evolves and encourages thought and planning.",Gran Vitreous is a PC shmup that combines classic arena shooter gameplay with the mechanics of a loot driven action RPG. Upgrade your ships equipment and level up as you battle through a galaxy filled with randomly generated encounters.,"Medieval Engineers Deluxe DLC offers you access to the soundtrack of the game, as well as unlocks a special bonus banner layer!",Into The War is a Parkour FPS which is still in Development. It is made by Small Town Studios and has a long road of work ahead of it. Please hop into the discussion and suggest any features you would like to see in this game.,Diamond is a fast paced puzzle game where you need to think quickly and creatively to manipulate various components to clear the level and progress.,It's the year 5781 -- and you have been chosen to build and lead a space station in a wild corner of the galaxy! Attract visitors and explore hundreds of planets to fund your station.,It's the comic book platformer you have been waiting for! Phase between colors to solve puzzles and uncover the story of Tadashi and Saki. Inspired by the classic game Comix Zone™.,"Online indie top-down racing game with a new player-designed racetrack every day. Design your own tracks and race against the ghost recordings of thousands of players around the world. Includes daily and monthly championships, achievements, and leaderboards.","An action/adventure game taking ques from both film-noir and samurai-drama's of old, &amp;quot;samurai_jazz&amp;quot; takes players on an adventure through an enigmatic city, engaging in sword-fights, encounters with mythological beings, and quirky dialog with the local inhabitants presented with a pseudo 8-bit style.","Race across the terraformed surface of Mars in your Skimmer, a completely customizable hover racing vehicle. Piloting skill and engineering make the difference between winning and losing in Vector 36, a Physics-Based Racer. Available with and without VR, Track IR, or HOTAS.","Created by and for tennis fans, Tennis Elbow 2013 is a tennis simulation with an easy and intuitive learning curve, but with exceptional gameplay depth.",Original Soundtrack for Crystal Story II.,The neglected and despised toys of the world are angry and have escaped their forgotten toy box prisons and are seeking revenge. Fight 21 enemy from the beach to the model train store with an arsenal of 13 weapons and armed vehicles.,"Spin your way to victory in this devilishly hard, ultra-cool action/puzzle game for PC. Dim the lights, pump up the volume and prepare to rage!","Cylne is a first person surreal exploration game, in the form of a visual poems collection and created by one person. Explore and feel unreal worlds filled with environmental enigmas to try to achieve the chapter called &amp;quot;The Choice&amp;quot;...",You and your sister had finally found a haven in a small fishing village when you encountered more troubles. An unstoppable pirate crew threatened the entire kingdom. Your sister was kidnapped and taken to lands unknown. You must embark on a journey to the end of the world to save her.,"Racecraft is an innovative sandbox racing game based on PROCEDURAL technology. For the FIRST TIME ever, you can randomly generate an endless number of realistic racetracks and craft your car to reach the top in every race and eSports challenge.","Take control of Zeb in this puzzle/platformer. He is a small energy based life form from space, known as a Plazma Being. While journeying through space to his home, Zeb was surprised to find that he was being kidnapped by aliens. They took him back to their planet and unceremoniously threw him into captivity.","Now you can try out the first seven days of Dead State: Reanimated for free! Your demo saves carry over into the full game, so don't hold back - you'll need to make your first week in this chaotic world count if you want to survive!","SpeedRun, the most hardcore game in the world, you need to complete all levels and reach to the most epic end.","Weird Wars II is a new setting for the Fantasy Grounds virtual tabletop. In the horror of war, dark things rise, and World War II is history’s greatest conflict. The Japanese stalk the jungles of Southeast Asia. Carriers battle in the South Pacific. Tanks trundle across North Africa. Planes duel over England.","Pilot your plane and battle giant robotic monsters with unique capabilities in tenfantastic settings. Then, take to the skies in online multiplayer dogfights and showthe world who's boss.",REGAIN JUSTICE! Use the divine art BANZAI SHINKEN to restore justice in this old-school arcade-style hard-knuckle brawler! Sample the first episode of Pecan's adventure in this demo!,"Welcome to Gocco Studio Japan, a futuristic playground where kids come together to play make-believe war — a tradition started almost a hundred years ago. Up to 32 people can join a lobby, and up to 8 players can join up to take on quests.","Bringing classic arcade games such as Boulder Dash and Dig Dug into the 21st century, Quarries Of Scred is an unapologetically brutal, retro-inspired arcade game designed to see just how far you’ll go to risk your bounty.",Luminosity is a fast paced arcade game. You take the control of a space ship and your objective is to close off the enemy drones and conquer a certain percent of the map in order to blow them up. Things quickly escalate and you face an increasing number of unique and challenging enemies and environments all trying to destroy your laser...,"Damnation City of Death features survival gameplay, where you fight against monsters, cold, hunger, thirst and other players. The Gameplay is an action packed fight for survival, where you always need to be ready for the next encounter you face. You can also do various missions with friends.",Turn-based historical simulation strategy. Develop the Greek civilization from the small village to the great city-state when it will dominate the world!,"Before Chip can join the Bit Busters computer club and hang out with the girl of his dreams, Melinda the Mental Marvel, he must solve all 144 challenging puzzles. Your bird's-eye view can help Chip rush through the puzzles and mazes before he's deleted by monsters, traps and the passage of time.","The Zombien invasion started in the Rooster Teeth studio, but it's spread... TO THE BUNGALOW. Fend off ravaging waves of Zombiens in a more open environment with less room to cower in terror within. Still, build your defenses, scavenge for weapons, and fight for your life in REMEMBER THE BUNGALOW for Rooster Teeth vs. Zombiens!","Welcome, eager young investor, to AdVenture Capitalist! Arguably the world's greatest Capitalism simulator!",Undead Shadows is a fast paced action zombie shooter that keeps players on their toes and tests their survival instinct. You are a survivor in the harsh post apocalyptic world looking for any means of survival against never ending waves of zombies from sun up to sun down – and even worse in between.,"Shadowrun: Hong Kong - Extended Edition is the capstone title in Harebrained Schemes' Shadowrun series - and now includes the all-new, 6+ hr Shadows of Hong Kong Bonus Campaign. Experience the most impressive Shadowrun RPG yet, hailed as one of the best cRPG / strategy games of 2015!","Set in 1924 Massachusetts, take the role of Detective Monroe, Professor Webley, and Boss Pendleton of the Pendleton Agency, all of whom have come to possess an eerie black rock with strange properties.","OBEY is an asymmetrical multiplayer game. We've all played games where you send commands to teammates or AI units. OBEY instead puts you in the position to command your enemies (human opponents), and to be commanded by them. Players are always free to obey/disobey.","The official soundtrack from Son of Nor, the epic adventure game from stillalive Studios.","InnerSpace is an exploration flying game set in a mind-bending world of inside-out planets. Soar through virgin skies and oceans to discover the true history of this realm, and what that holds for its people, its gods, and its future. Your greatest journey is within.",Ski Park Tycoon free downloadable demo.,1861. The Civil War has been declared in the United States. Two clans are fighting: The abolitionist Union and the pro-slavery Confederates. NORTH vs SOUTH is inspired from THE BLUE COATS comic book. You'll relive the biggest events of this battle with Sergeant Chesterfield and Corporal Butch.,"An addictive physics-based vehicle building puzzle game. Build weird and wonderful vehicles using whatever you can find. Master rockets, balloons, parachutes and more. Save as many Keebles as you can, and be quick - the Whale at the End of the World won't wait forever.","SciFi RTS Space Combat game with a HUGE focus on the storyline in an open world (galaxy) gameplay mode. 4 different career paths, chosen by your actions during the story, force you to rethink your tactics and develop new strategies.","In this comprehensive and realistic basketball management game, take control of all aspects of a coach's life such as recruitment, finances and training, as well as direct charge of games, in order to lead your team to the top of more than 70 championships that have been faithfully reproduced!","The complete Ratz Instagib soundtrack, created by Jazzsticks. Every purchase supports the artists involved – great to listen to, even when you're not blasting rats to pieces with a railgun!",Play with gravity to guide Naught through a mysterious underground world where darkness is a relentless enemy that takes many forms. Naught Reawakening is an adventure and platform game that challenges your skills giving you full control of Naught and his environment.,"The d20 Modern ruleset provides everything you need to play a modern, futuristic or Urban Arcana RPG online using Fantasy Grounds. It contains a custom theme, graphics, automation and game mechanics to simplify and improve gameplay online, but still replicates the traditional pen &amp;amp; paper feel.",This pack contains image tokens suitable for ALL Heroic tier monsters from the SECOND core 4E monster book.,"Fantastic Maps: Lair Pack contains 10 separate lairs you can fill with your own monsters, traps and encounters and unleash them upon your players.",This pack contains image tokens suitable for ALL Epic tier monsters from the FIRST core 4E monster book.,This pack contains image tokens suitable for ALL paragon tier monsters from the SECOND core 4E monster book.,This pack contains image tokens suitable for ALL epic tier monsters from the SECOND core 4E monster book.,"The original soundtrack of Ephemerid: A Musical Adventure. Includes the complete remastered album, as well as 5 bonus tracks.","Ride 22 motorcycles with the official BMW, Honda, Kawasaki, KTM, Suzuki and Yamaha licences. Play solo or online at the handlebars of Superbike, Roadster and Custom models, and create, customize and develop your club.","Steredenn is a frenetic and chaotic space shooter, carved in big beautiful pixels, with insane boss battles. Embark in your ship and engage the fight against dreadful space pirates in a never-ending combat for your survival.",Feel the power of flying the AV8B Harrier II. A middle ground flight and naval combat simulator with mission planner &amp;amp; fully dynamic open ended campaign. Showstopping VR.,"In celebration of Marvel’s Avengers: Age of Ultron, this Marvel Heroes 2016 pack features the 6 Avengers; Captain America, Iron Man, Hulk, Thor, Black Widow, and Hawkeye along with costumes for each inspired by the film including the incredible Hulkbuster Armor worn by Iron Man during his battle with the Hulk!",Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation...,Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation...,Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation...,Feel like a Viking god with a choice of 6 powerful paint jobs! Freya's Blessing Loki's Cunning Njord's Resilience Odin's Wisdom Thor's Fury Tyr's...,Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation...,"In The Cosmos is MINE!, you are a space prospector competing with other players to take over planets on the fringes of the galaxy. Mine Animus, the most valuable resource in the universe, and protect your territories from very hostile takeovers!","They were desperate, daring and deadly! For the past 50 years, only the courageous veteran pilots of World War II knew the real risks of fighting the legendary Pacific air wars. Now it's your turn!","The multi-dimensional world of Nhagardia is quickly becoming paralyzed by the evil lord Grimnoth's terrifying plague of darkness. As Prince of Alonia, you now have 100 days to keep the world from being cast into eternal despair!","F-19 STEALTH FIGHTER takes combat flying to new heights. With dazzling graphics and authentic, real-world scenarios. F-19 creates action-packed excitement that keeps you coming back for more! It's easy to learn, but satisfyingly tough to master.","There's no room for error when travelling at the speed of light, racing through star systems in a desperate search for a new world to house Mankind. But there are plenty of opportunities for mistakes. Alien races of every conceivable size, shape, temperament and sophistication seek to aid, use, corrupt or destroy you - and you don't know...","You are a hunter stalking Germany's most celebrated pilots, including the infamous Baron Manfred von Richtofen. Using news and intelligence reports as well as your own intuition, you track down the 16 men whose successors diminish your own.",A twin-stick shmup set in a grim world cursed by demons and ghouls.,"Welcome to Gamearth, a once peaceful planet now threatened by the warmongering Space grunts of Nexgen. In the aftermath of their devastating first strike a child named Rise is forced to take on the sacred gun Shine - and with it the fate of his world.","HeartZ offers you a hearty combination of platform, action, puzzle and local co-op gaming. Outsmart traps and solve mysteries in each room and level while getting rid of Dr. Nylus' soldiers and machines! Kick, jump, fart, scare, bite... your way through mischievously designed levels!",The makers of Grim Fandango discuss the development of the beloved adventure game and how Double Fine Productions plans to release the original classic to a contemporary audience.,"001 Game Creator is a Graphically Assisted Scripting engine for beginners and advanced users alike. Developers can quickly prototype ideas, test complex systems and build single player and online/local multiplayer experiences for Windows PC, HTML5, Android and iOS.","Victor Frankenstein, an old friend and a brilliant scientist has managed to resurrect the dead! However the border between life and death is fragile and Victor has learned the hard way that this balance should not be tempered with...","Pneuma: Breath of Life forces you to think outside the box through a narrated story of self-discovery, whilst exploring the ontological mystery of the breath of life. Features award winning voice actor 'Jay Britton' as Pneuma.",Download the Yamaha Historical Bikes DLC Pack to receive the bikes that have defined the last 20 years of Yamaha motorcycle production.,"Duke it out with massive alien robots during the peak of the Mayan civilization. Nuke, zap, implode, incinerate and destroy your friends in singleplayer or local multiplayer. Win the adoration of your tiny Mayan tribesmen, and keep an eye out for Mayan Gods who will try to crash your party.",Super Pixalo is the story of a pixel from a 1960s Rock &amp;amp; Roll themed arcade cabinet. Join Pixalo as he travels through over 50 years of pop culture in a journey of self discovery.,This token pack contains 28 tokens: This pack contains an assortment of characters comprised of several races. Perfect for PC's NPC's and enemies.,This token pack contains 28 tokens: This pack contains an assortment of characters comprised of several races. Perfect for PC's NPC's and enemies.,This token pack contains 28 tokens: This pack contains an assortment of characters comprised of several races. Perfect for PC's NPC's and enemies.,This token pack contains 27 tokens: This pack contains an assortment of characters comprised of several races. Perfect for PC's NPC's and enemies.,,"Pressed for time?! Same for this rat, but he can manipulate it! Join RedEyes the Rat on the heist of his life. Sneak into the bank, steal the diamond, evade the guards . . . and then get out! But most of all, be clever, trick time, and take back what’s ours from the Pigs who control all the banks in Swine Island City.","Save Atlantis by building roads, clearing debris, and gathering resources in this strategic time management game!","Kitten Super Adventure is a game where you play as a kitten and explore 20 worlds, your mission is to collect the stolen catnip bags and bring them back to Cat Islands, only then can you save your kitten companions and stop the islands from sinking!","Terra Incognita is a classic role playing game. The world of Terra is slowly falling into chaos. A great war is coming and It's time to take up arms against a corrupt royal family. You must travel across this huge world and unite the nations of Terra, recruiting comrades along the way.","Evolution II: Fighting for Survival is a real-time action life simulation game. Conquer a world of randomly generated, evolving species.",Rebuild Athens from the ashes of its destruction and secure the help of the Heroes of Olympus as you battle an evil god!,"This 4-in-1 bundle includes 4 Hidden Object games: Stray Souls: A Dollhouse Story, House of 1,000 Doors: The Palm of Zoroaster, Dark Strokes: Sins of the Fathers, Eternal Journey: New Atlantis","Getting a girl-friend before National College Entrance Exam, I know it's crazy, but from today, we will face everything together.","It's time for a 16-bit beatdown! Enjoy the Card Game, Trials, chatting, and rockin' to some awesome music as you fight in retro-style battles up to 9v9! Also-- it's FREE!","This is Caromble!: A fresh new take on the brick break game! Free the corrupted world and fight evil with physics-based destruction, puzzles, explosions, skill-levels, power-ups, mayhem, more explosions, further puzzles, platforming elements, speedruns, superscore medals, unlockable challenges and boss fights.","Karate Master 2 Knock Down Blow is a fighting game that mixes elements of RPG, simulation and arcade, in an explosive combination to relieve the Beat'em up genre!","TORMENTUM is a dark Point &amp;amp; Click adventure game.A nameless hero finds himself in a place between fantasy and nightmare. He doesn't remember his name nor where he comes from. Wandering through strange lands, he struggles to discover the truth about the world around him, as well as about himself.","Natural Soccer is a highly playable arcade soccer game with fast-paced action, accurate physics and intuitive controls, inspired by classics like &amp;quot;Kick Off&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;Sensible Soccer&amp;quot;.","Pixel Soccer is a top down, pixel art, soccer game inspired by retro soccer games from the 90's.","When Ana receives an unexpected gift from her missing father, she is catapulted headlong into a mystery that will take her on a journey through time. At last she must decide if a perfectly predictable world is a curse on humanity or a triumph for mankind.",The world's most advanced soda drinking simulator.,"&amp;quot;Wait&amp;quot; is a mystery horror game, inspired by the works of H.P Lovecraft and the Silent Hill series. The gameplay is put together by elements of exploration and riddle solving. Experience horror without jump scares or fighting monsters, but with the fear of the unknown and unimaginable.","Try the demo of Bret Airborne, a game that shakes up the standard match-3 formula with strategic gameplay and original game mechanics.",Terraform is a relaxing turn based puzzle game set in the future. Alter over 200 planets to allow settlements and forests to survive. Planets are made of hexagonal tiles that can be altered using many different tools and weather conditions.,"The desolate moon of Lorian V is a place of curiosity, history, and terror. Awaken on the surface from a long slumber and explore the winding caverns below to uncover secrets, acquire new abilities and face powerful foes. Meet the sleepy inhabitants of Lorian V and hear their tragic stories.","Kick your friends' asses in this explosive, fast-paced action/shooting/driving multi-player game!","Long ago, the Vile God and the Goddess waged war with each other. Equally matched, they were sealed away in another world… Now a lazy young man named Fang somehow finds himself a key part of this war he’d really rather not deal with, but fate beckons in this uncommon RPG!","Arranged and composed by the world-renowned Rafael Langoni Smith, the soundtrack to Overture, the 16-bit action roguelike, features a mix of quirky themes and fast-paced action packed tracks.","Based on a 3D version of mathematician John Conway's &amp;quot;Game of Life,&amp;quot; the game puts the player in a biological world that is uncannily alive.",Welcome to helm! Steam and Metal — scroll shooter in the steampunk world. Hordes of steam enemies and huge bosses are waiting to be destroyed. Spectacular levels of handcrafted pixels waiting for someone to pass through them. When there are too many enemies — just shoot 'em all up!,"Hatland Adventures is a fast paced 2D Sidescrolling platformer-runner - built around speed, rewarding precision, skill and quick thinking. A unique hat-based health system keeps you alive and moving, while powerup hats can change the way you play. Compete on the online leaderboards for top place!","Stranded on a desert island, explore, craft, build and fight in this action survival game!",Playable Salamanders ChapterDouble heavy Terminator optionSalamander only flamer pattern3 new pyromantic psychic spellsAshes to Ashes Campaign with 20 New Story Missions and 20 Flash MissionsMore puzzle like missionsNew mission mechanics like rotating bridges and firewalls consuming the levels over time,Playable Dark Angels ChapterPlasma Cannon weapon optionExclusive Apothecary class3 new psychic spellsBringer of Sorrow Campaign with 20 New Story Missions and 20 Flash Missions,"The DREAM PACK 1 is the first add-on content pack ASSETTO CORSA: it adds to Assetto Corsa the legendary circuit of Nürburgring-Nordschleife and ten new awesome cars. The circuit has been reproduced for the first time in a PC racing simulation using the Laserscan Technology, that guarantees the maximum level of precision in reproducing...","Datswer - help a brave hero escape to freedom from the dark dungeon full of traps, horrible enemies and various obstacles. The protagonist of this Android game is a statue that came to life after being hit by a few drops of mysterious magical liquid. You need to use your reflexes and logic to pave a safe way through dark dungeons.",Reveal the story of the sky tower! Forward to the Sky is a third person action adventure game in the sky tower ruin. You are going to collect all the crystal pieces to connect the story and everything will be revealed once Princess reaches the top level.,Ready for something new? Trackday Manager introduces a new category of skill based race car management in a multiplayer online environment.,"This War of Mine - War Child Charity DLC contains street art pieces by: M-City, &amp;quot;Specter&amp;quot;, SeaCreative, E. Cerimovic, Fauxreel and M. Waluś. You’ll find the street art pieces in TWoM. 100% of 11 bit's proceeds go to War Child charity. Thank you and don't give up on trying to improve this world.",The full soundtrack for Hot Tin Roof. Chip noir jazz!,"Listen to the music of the Multiverse with you, wherever you are!",Be your own teammates in this unique single-player co-op shooter!,RUMP! It's a crazy and challenging 3D jump and run game with the most funny multiplayer racemode for you and your friends!,YOU are the hero in Starship Traveller! Captain a futuristic Starship in Steve Jackson's classic sci-fi RPG gamebook!,Super Lotsa Added Stuff Hack - Extended Magic,"Nimble Writer is a general-purpose tool for writing stories, be it short fiction stories or even complete novels or books. It focuses on being distraction-free, simple, and fully customizable.","Enter the Endless Tower! A bastion of foes lost to time. Here you will be able to battle never-ending waves of foes in dynamically created dungeon maps, which will challenge you more and more the further you rise in the tower! The higher up you get, the greater the rewards will be!","A mysterious meteorite from deep space was detected approaching the Solar System, before the meteorite is due to hit the Earth, three of the girls who had their bodies modified as weapons are sent, along with all the hopes of humanity, to destroy the meteorite and save mankind...","Google Earth VR lets you explore the world from totally new perspectives in virtual reality. Stroll the streets of Tokyo, soar over the Grand Canyon, or walk around the Eiffel Tower.",Social Justice Warriors is a satirical role-playing game that transforms the standard medieval fantasy heroes of RPGs into social media crusaders facing an endless horde of internet trolls.,Maneuver your ship between planets at breakneck speeds and take gravity into account as you crush your competitors in this awesome twin-stick spacebrawler!,"Experience something novel, bursting with extraordinary phenomena and strange situations in your hospital! Only you have the power to make the best decisions and to make your hospital the most popular one! But beware: Several events will add some spice to your life! Embark on the career of your life!","Chip is back and this time he's teamed up with Melinda to try and solve even more puzzles built from a combination of new and old monster, hazards and game elements created by Vladimir Gerajkee The Puzzle Master.","Wings of Vi is a challenging 2D platformer in which the player controls the angel Vi, tasked with defeating the Demon Lord Jeh’oul after he is freed from captivity. While inspired by masochistic retro platformers, Wings of Vi aims to cut out arbitrary difficulty in favor of skill based gameplay.","Norse Dragons is the third free DLC for Wargame: Red Dragon.Dedicated to the Scandinavian coalition, it features more than 60 new units for Sweden, Denmark &amp;amp; Norway. Effectively propelling this coalition as well as the individual countries into the early 90’s era, it will bring them onto an equal footing with the other nations from...","Long time ago, when mages ruled the land, common people raised the rebellion against their magic, arrogance and tyranny. They used catapults, ballistas and bombs in the battle against magic castles and powerful spells. Now their destiny is in your hands!","Doodle God is an addicting puzzle &amp;amp; world building game where players use logic and ingenuity to create the entire universe. Starting with the basic elements of earth, wind, fire and air players can build a world filled with locomotives, Dragons, skyscrapers, Aliens and more.","Listen to the complete soundtrack of the Blob From Space game including extra tracks! This soundtrack is made by indie musicians Rebecca Tripp, Otus Hobst and more...","Adam Ridgewell is invited to a job interview, but things will get dark.",BattleLore: Command is based on the board game BattleLore Second Edition from Fantasy Flight Games. Lead the noble Daqan army in a campaign against the demon-blooded Uthuk Y’llan or battle head-to-head against a friend or AI opponent in Multiplayer!,An enchanting puzzle game of logic and relaxation.,An enchanting puzzle game of logic and relaxation.,"Lex Mortis is an open-world horror game set on a fully explorable island. The game’s atmosphere is directly affected by the time of day. During the daytime you will study the island and it’s mysteries. But at night the enemies reveal themselves, and the worst nightmare becomes real!","Fight and drink for the glory of Odin in Bierzerkers, a multiplayer melee arena combat game. While quick to pick up and get in some killing, the game has a great deal of depth, both individually and as a team.","The latest iteration of the 10th anniversary &amp;quot;SAMURAI WARRIORS&amp;quot; series is here at last! Naomasa Ii appears as a playable character for the first time, and the various personalities of the age are explored in more depth in &amp;quot;Story Mode&amp;quot;, which is now focused on individual characters.","Beyond Sol is a unique blend of action combat and grand strategy empire building in a dynamic open world. Collect resources, build your city, upgrade your ships, and cultivate relationships or wage wars with rival cities in your quest to dominate the solar system. Play singleplayer or multiplayer.",Autobahn Police Simulator is the first simulation to realistically reflect the working life of a police officer on the German Autobahn. In numerous and diverse operations the player is responsible for enforcing law and order on Europe’s fastest roads.,An indie game like no other. Incognito is a cross genre adventure that thrusts you into a foreign solar system known as Sector 42. You are forced to survive in deep space through exploration and questing between planets. Incognito mixes different gaming genres together into one complete narrative.,"Ultimate battle action, and the epitome of the GUILTY GEAR XX series now on Steam! Bonus soundtracks included!","A tale of the planet's final love story told using the full force of minori's critically acclaimed illustrative style, engaging musical compositions, and the highly talented staff that has led fans coming back for more every single time!","Follow the story of a young boy, Cantus as he meets Maris, the mysterious girl by the sea - an experience that will change his life forever.","The Asskickers is a satirical re-imagination of the 2D arcade beat’em up. Join Alex, Diane and Marcus in their action-packed journey through the heart of the modern urban jungles. Wrongly accused, our three heroes will stand up to a corrupt political and financial elite and make white-collar criminals discover the lost art of asskicking.","Experience true survival with a wink in the world of Immune - the new open-world survival online game. Survive the wastelands with the help of your friends and your hand crafted weapons. Build your own fort to defend yourself and your hard earned loot from evil mutants, bandits or reckless players.","Additional hairstyle types, mustache and beard types and Accessory 1 &amp;amp; 2 types will become available for selection during custom character creation in &amp;quot;Edit Mode&amp;quot;.","The male and female custom equipments, 6 set each, will become available for selection during custom character creation in &amp;quot;Edit Mode.","The residences will become available for selection in Empire Mode, and the scenarios will become available for selection.",20 custom voices will become available for selection during custom character creation in &amp;quot;Edit Mode&amp;quot;.,20 custom voices will become available for selection during custom character creation in &amp;quot;Edit Mode.,"The male and female custom equipments, 6 set each, will become available for selection during custom character creation in &amp;quot;Edit Mode.","The residences will become available for selection in Empire Mode, and the battlefields will become available for selection in Free Mode. This set includes additional BGM that can be played on battlefields. The additional horses will become available for selection in &amp;quot;Edit Mode.",Original Sound Track,It is WAR!Team up with your comrades to stand against the pesky aliens.,"The 12 Gold Saints are coming back to burn their cosmos with outstanding graphics, solid gameplay, characters from the whole series… and so much more to discover!","Abyss Raiders: Uncharted is an action tower defence game, set in a future where robots are the dominant species in the universe. You will need to survive waves of fierce enemies whilst searching for the ancient ruins that have the power to prevent the second apocalypse.","To End All Wars: Breaking the Deadlock is the first expansion to the most detailed World War One wargame ever created. Adding 5 completely new scenarios, this expansion aims to vastly increase the content in-game, giving players the option to focus on specific campaigns.","This scenario pack DLC features 5 all new scenarios in a variety of mission types, ranging from search and destroy to last stand defensive battles!",Wooden Floor is a first person horror game full of visual trickery ... Not being able to predict what is going to happen next you need to make your way through the haunted house.,"Now with over 200 Achievements! Chester returns in Chester One: a remaster of the 2011 Style Switching Platformer. Unlock powerful new art styles and use them to your advantage as you battle through 40 levels unlocking new Chesters, finding secrets, and reclaiming your cupcakes.",WWII Tank Simulation game offering offline Single Player and online Multiplayer combat with multiple armored vehicles.,Tremendous power and no brakes! Experience the thrill of speedway! FIM Speedway Grand Prix 15 is the ultimate speedway simulator of all time. Show your skill and tactics in the fight for the title of World Champion in all events and stadiums of the Grand Prix 2015 season!,"Play an alien navigating a maze of hexagons in this competitive mix between strategy and board game. Plan your next turn, think fast, act faster, and outmanoeuvre your opponents by predicting their moves. UFHO2 is strategy at its finest.",Disney Mickey’s Typing Adventure has a proven educational design that teaches kids all of the letters on the keyboard as they type their way to each exciting destination in Typelandia!,"Build, terraform, quest, and explore your way across beautiful voxel-based worlds in MyDream!","You'll enjoy a whole lot of fascinating minigames, an excellent quest for the necessary items, and a captivating and outstanding storyline. A great atmosphere and storyline provide the deepest possible gameplay involvement.",This romance visual novel explores the question of gender integration at a private school. A curious series of events leads to our hero becoming the only boy at a prestigious girls' academy... But over 99% of the girls are against integration!,The original soundtrack for Phantom Breaker: Battle Grounds.,"The latest visual novel by Tomo Kataoka, the author of Narcissu 1st &amp;amp; 2nd, has arrived! An empty world with endless rain and only one person. Here there is no hunger, sickness or even death. Just what story does this world's one occupant have?","Embark on an exciting journey and plunge yourself into the myths of Ancient Greece with Odysseus, the legendary hero of the Trojan war.",INIT. will test your ability to see through illusion and discover innovative and cerebral challenges that can be solved as simply as changing the way you perceive them.,"Blow the horn, bang the drum, The Pig is coming to town! The Princess &amp;amp; The Pig DLC expands the base Stronghold Crusader 2 game with seven missions and two new AI opponents, for use in online Multiplayer and Skirmish mode. Do battle with The Pig, The Wolf and The Rat in Skirmish mode or try your luck against the noble Princess.","The Angel of Death hovers over your castle! The next expansion for Stronghold Crusader 2, The Emperor &amp;amp; The Hermit DLC adds two AI opponents and a new Crusader Trail campaign. Play through seven missions, claim 10 achievements and destroy new castle designs unique to The Emperor and The Hermit.",Hyperspace Pinball has players fighting off an alien invasion using pinball controls in a high intensity action game for all ages!,The latest opus in the acclaimed STORM series is taking you on a colourful and breathtaking ride. Take advantage of the totally revamped battle system and prepare to dive into the most epic fights you’ve ever seen !,"'Pneuma: Breath of Life - Soundtrack' is the official soundtrack which includes a collection of 14 beautiful tracks from the game, composed and scored by Yakobo.",Embark on this journey and expand Fruits Inc.!,We hope this soundtrack inspires and brightens your day wherever you go(at)!,"You have crash-landed on Notrium. Your food supplies are running low, and a pack of predatory aliens have your scent. You're out of bullets for your pistol, your only weapon a handful of rocks. A freezing night is setting in, and you are desperately looking for firewood. Can you survive?",Free Brute character assets and 2 presets for and 2 presents for Orc and Troll characters!,"Horror adventure awaits as you step into a place nobody knew existed and hunt for clues around every dark corner and in every scribbled notebook. With a twisted past, and a terrible secret just waiting to be revealed, Cold Winter Farm will leave you questioning whether what you know, is really what you know.","Dead TrailZ is a fast paced tower defense/roguelike first person shooter. Escape the Apocalypse, battling waves of zombie hordes. Adjust your strategy based on the weapons you unlock, the ammo you find and the boosts you receive for your shooting skills.",A Creature Collection Tower Defense Game! Defend yourself with creatures that you collect and train. Quote from a fan: ''It's Pokémon meets tower defense!,"Indie video game developers push games to new frontiers in storytelling, music, animation and design. Texas has the second largest concentration of game companies in the U.S.","In the first ever Permanent Alternate Reality Game, you join the ranks of The Black Watchmen, a paramilitary group dedicated to protecting the public from dangerous phenomena beyond human understanding: ritualistic murder, occult secret societies, and the paranormal, to name but a few.","The law of the Templar is coming to the desert! The third DLC for Stronghold Crusader 2, The Templar and The Duke adds two characters and a new Crusader Trail. Battle across seven missions, claim 10 achievements, customize your coat of arms with five designs and lay siege to new castle types.","Their horsemen ride like thunder across the plain, like the kings of old! The final DLC for Stronghold Crusader 2, The Jackal and The Khan adds two characters and an extra Crusader Trail. Tackle new missions, claim achievements, customize your coat of arms and lay siege to new castle designs.","In the world of Edolie, people are gathering to celebrate the coming of Harvest, the biggest event of the year. But for Willow, this is going to be a harvest unlike any other. Experience the world of Edolie as you and a group of new found friends discover its secrets!","Boki can copy the special abilities of any foe and then combine up to 3 of them into a unique super-weapon! Blast through hordes of evil robots in cyberspace, while training to become a superhero!",BlastZone 2 is an action packed side scrolling shooter that will really get your adrenaline pumping! Play solo or join up with a friend locally or online and battle the alien forces that have invaded the planet and take the fight to them! Feel the excitement of breaking through the enemy barricade at high speed!,"You live monotonous life in a cold city, with no sense of meaning in your life. Until one crucial day, when strange things start to happen and everything changes. Mosaic is a dark and atmospheric adventure game.",Panda School Browser is a safe and simple browser for children. Optional «Kids Mode» feature prevents access to desktop or any other application while browsing. Let your kids explore the internet on their own and in complete safety!,"As Domino, you must mentor Aria and Kaya in their training to become witches, mastering the magical arts. Take them to the classroom to grow the skills required to master powerful spells. Send them on quests to test their progress and show them the dangers that exist in the world.","Here's your chance to get the first map for The Escapists - Fhurst Peak Correctional Facility. Originally a bonus prison for Early Access members, due to popular demand it is now available here.","The story will develop into the year of 1947, where the players would face one of the most traumatic historical events in the history of Taiwan.Sorry,now there are only English interface, English subtitles are still being processed,we hope to complete as soon as possible.","Try and escape from one of America’s strongest prisons. Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary has been painstakingly rebuilt in The Escapists. Master the routine, plan your strategy, and execute your very own Alcatraz escape!",The complete Magicmaker Original Soundtrack straight to your ears! Also comes with three bonus songs from early versions of the game.,"The Undying Plague is a top down shooter where your task is to fend off waves of attacking enemies and survive as long as possible. At your disposal will get a few weapons that we can improve for the money earned on the battlefield. Enter a world of pain, suffering and bloodthirsty zombies. Can you stop the plague?","Dark Forester is a Hardcore Forest Management Game that employs your best aspects of the RPG, RTS, Crossplatforming MMO and god game genres. Create and customize your own forest. Protect your land from enemy creatures in a magic, part-physics based World. I would be thrilled to have you join Dark Forester!","Lord of the Dark Castle is a casual turn-based retro style roguelike dungeon crawler with elements of strategy. Randomized levels, lots of skills without dependencies and lots of spells to cast. Challenging Monster AI - play it smart or die. Remember: Death is Permanent!","Modular Combat is a role-playing shooter based in the Half-Life universe. Factions face off against each other, and monsters, in the Controlled Combat Testing Facility, which is monitored by a super-computer known as BoSS.","Cubicle Quest is a game about how life can suck. Dead end jobs, repetitive obligations, irritating coworkers... Cubicle Quest takes all of those things and turns them into enemies you can fight in an old-school RPG.","Travel through a beautiful, fictional rendition of the 16th century of Feudal Japan. Choose between four types of warriors as you learn to master intuitive, directionally-driven swordplay while also choosing unique abilities to ensure victory over your foes.","***Permanent discount available now on the Big Ant Studios Store https://www.bigant.com/shop/tabletop-cricket/***Find the gaps in the field or just smack the ball out of the stadium, TableTop Cricket is a fast and furious take on cricket that takes you on a world tour with tense matches and challenges aplenty.","Prepare for the ultimate test of survival! Do you have the skill necessary to build and manage the first sustainable extraterrestrial colony, or will your colonists become mere footnotes in the history of human space exploration? Their lives and legacies are in your hands!","Enjoy hours of dungeons crawling and slashing a-la HeroQuest meets DungeonMaster. Mighty Dungeons is also customizable, submit new quests, campaigns, monsters, weapons and other items. Visit the workshop for more info.",Be an action B-movie hero and defeat all your enemies in this intense fighting experience! Stay Dead Evolution is a unique arcade action game based on real life footage.,BlastZone 2 is an action packed side scrolling shooter that will really get your adrenaline pumping! Play solo or join up with a friend locally or online and battle the alien forces that have invaded the planet and take the fight to them! Feel the excitement of breaking through the enemy barricade at high speed!,"Your name is Jayson Traish, and you have just graduated from high school. You failed your exams horribly and you face a life of menial work. Your only recourse is to try get a job at a host bar, where your duties include, hitting on women, drinking copious amounts of alcohol and cleaning the toilets.",The official soundtrack for SCHAR: Blue Shield Alliance.,"Solar System Conflict is a multiplayer space-survival game in which a colony of humans is stranded in a recently discovered solar system, in search of a way back to Earth.",70s giant robot anime-inspired side-scrolling shooting from the creators of SATAZIUS and GIGANTIC ARMY!,"The year is 1989. 12 years have passed since the Gogoh Army’s invasion of Earth. Exposure to alien technology during the war enabled Earth’s own technologies to take massive leaps forward. International conflict that was previously rife in the history of mankind fell to an all-time low, and the Earth Federation was established as a...","The popular dance and rhythm game, Audition Online, is available for Steam! Create your avatar and play on 20 different game modes.",The original soundtrack from Shelter 2,Help Snail Bob avoid the dangers that lie on his path. Snail Bob 2 is a puzzle game for all the ages. It'll make you think and smile.,"Deep-Freeze adds the “The Refreezerator” spaceship that unlocks a new mode for the game, and adds Kreyang to the hero cast of the game.",Mr. Fatty Maze’s Adventures is a logic game based on a thrilling story that offers an entirely new outlook on the world of labyrinths!,"Galaxy of Pen &amp;amp; Paper is a turn-based meta RPG about a group of players rolling dice in the year 1999! Create your own game master and RPG party, as they roleplay, explore distant planets in their imagination, fight weird aliens and save the galaxy in the era of dial-up internet and floppy disks!",This demo for The Charnel House Trilogy is complete middle episode of the game 'Sepulchre'.,LOST ORBIT - Original Soundtrack Composed by Giancarlo Feltrin,"Gaming Tokens Pack #4: Modern &amp;amp; Sci-Fi Tokens and PortraitsFiery Dragon ProductionsThis product contains over 550 tokens in a base 70 pixel format (for Medium-sized) and over 250 portraits, all converted and optimized for online gaming over Fantasy Grounds.",Turn-based strategy meets card game! Outwit your opponent on multiple different battlefields with cunning strategies. Build your own decks made of underworldly minions and powerful spells!,"A total of 9 costumes, including designs from &amp;quot;Romance of the Three Kingdoms 12&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS,&amp;quot; will becomes available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT.","A total of 10 costumes, including &amp;quot;Mandarin Gowns&amp;quot; and other special costumes, will become available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT.",The &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 3&amp;quot; costumes for all 39 playable characters who appeared in that title will become available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT.,The &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 4&amp;quot; costumes for all 46 playable characters who appeared in that title will become available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT.,The &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 5&amp;quot; costumes for all 46 playable characters who appeared in that title will become available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT.,The &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 6&amp;quot; costumes for all 46 playable characters who appeared in that title will become available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT.,19 officers will be able to wear fantasy costumes by selecting CHANGE OUTFIT. Enjoy a breath of fresh air in your favorite stages with these unique costumes.,"Original costumes for all 65 playable characters from &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 7&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 7: Xtreme Legends&amp;quot; will become available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT. Enjoy a breath of fresh air in your favorite stages with these unique costumes that consist of uniforms, suits, and more.",Original costume 2 for all 65 playable characters from &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 7&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;DYNASTY WARRIORS 7: Xtreme Legends&amp;quot; will become available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT. Enjoy a breath of fresh air in your favorite stages with these unique costumes.,Original costumes for all 77 playable characters from DYNASTY WARRIORS 8 will become available for selection under CHANGE OUTFIT. Enjoy new and unique costumes that give a fresh look to every battlefield!,Eight new music tracks will be added that can be selected before battle or in the Sound Test.,"New wallpapers will be added, which can be viewed in the GALLERY and set to display on the loading screen.",Plant seeds to grow guns in a challenging retro platformer.,"Is it a Tofu? Is it a Dragon? No! It's the Justice Knight! When order and truth are threatened, this masked hero emerges from the night and gallops towards the adventure! The Justice Pack includes 30 days of Booster Packs, 2 Heroes for 30 days, the Golden Scarafly (Pet), the Justice League Costume, a Golden Ikiakitit, “Brandish Your Big...",Original Soundtrack of Hyphen. Features all 12 tracks heard in...,"Gremlin Invasion: Survivor is a co-op overhead action shooter. With 8 different levels to choose from and up to 8 players, you'll play together in a survival-style mission to blast away hordes of gremlins that have come to take you out.",A classic top-down vertical scrolling &amp;quot;shoot-em-up&amp;quot; with amazing music and art.,Face the Time Traveller to save the future!,"The Gate is a 3D Card Collecting Game with elements of RTS and RPG. Originally available on mobile and via the web, The Gate was brought to Steam with the help of Steam users via Project Greenlight. Now heading into its 2nd year online, The Gate features PvP tournaments, where you can put your Card Collection into battle against other...",Eitr is an action RPG built around exceptional combat and formidable challenges set within a mythological Norse world.,Experience the thrilling blend of Medieval times and the Old West with CastleStorm and Wild West Rampage in Iron &amp;amp; Steel Pack!,Explore an abandoned space station in this retro-themed explorative action platformer.,Dehumanize kids and make money.,In TransOcean 2: Rivals you face a new challenge as the boss of your own shipping line in both single-player and - for the first time - multiplayer mode: The international competition has gotten a lot tougher and the battle for the most lucrative contracts has only just begun.,This DLC unlocks package of the textures for PAINT mode and 3 additional presets for each model.,"Scraps is a vehicle combat game where you can build your vehicle from functional parts, with design as your ally and physics as your accomplice. Compete against human or AI opponents in a combat arena, and scavenge from their wreckage to repair and upgrade your own creation.",Explore the orbital weapons platform N313 with Holiday and her team of operatives. Along the way you must make choices and live with the outcome.,"As Academy Cadet Patricia Wagon, grab your pellet gun and take on brain-twisting puzzles so massive they span the entire screen! 20 all new puzzles and some twisted classics stages, all with a hectic cooperative couch-play option for up to 4 players to keep you and your fellow trainees in stitches!","Dead Sea is an open-world, first-person survival game. It contains elements of horror, adventure, and puzzle solving that creates a hardcore gaming experience. The game is difficult but not overkill; surviving isn’t supposed to be easy.","Outwit gravity, race the clock, explore new worlds.Crashed lander is a gravity-based arcade game inspired by classics like Lunar Lander and Space Taxi. You'll pilot your craft from pad to pad trying to beat your best time – then flirt with that fine line between speed and control.",The soundtrack for Jones on Fire. Kitty chip dubstep and lots of meowing.,Limited time offer: get the map India and save 50% off regular price!,"This new challenging vertical map will make you cross European Nordic Countries. From Copenhagen in Denmark to Helsinki in Finland, discover the snowy landscape by crossing Norway and Sweden. Succeed in building one of the biggest paths in the app.",Discover Germany at the turn of the century with this new map!,"Bring your skills and get ready to deliver death from every angle as you compete in unprecedented gravity-defying combat in LawBreakers, the new first-person shooter from legendary game designer Cliff Bleszinski and the Boss Key Productions team.","BLADESTORM: Nightmare is the newest evolution of 2007’s BLADESTORM: The Hundred Years’ War using the latest technologies and introducing many new elements. These technologies have made possible not only visual improvements, but also many new game elements. BLADESTORM: Nightmare offers an entirely new gameplay experience.","Call of the Ninja is a Puzzle Platform game in the visual style of lemmings!Manage a whole heap of ninjas as they flip, dash, climb and vanish their way to the Dojo!","The Martian VR Experience is an interactive, immersive adventure from the perspective of astronaut Mark Watney. Participants perform tasks for Watney’s survival, fly onto the surface of Mars, steer at zero gravity through space, drive a rover, and experience key scenes from the hit film in an interactive virtual reality environment.",Free demo version! Explore an abandoned space station in this retro-themed explorative action platformer.,"Welcome to the Wildcards update for Hand of Fate. This update adds different Fates that you can select in order to change the way the game plays. Each Fate provides different modifiers to play, and allows you to play any or all of the game with a new Fate and a new ruleset.","Tales of Cosmos is an old-school point-and-click adventure game set in a huge open world planetary system. Pilot your rocket across space, land on planets and moons, solve puzzles, and unravel a cosmic mystery with the help of a genius monkey and a wondrous talking dog.","In the smallest district of Montreal, the Crown Attorney relies on the legal expertise of its lawyers; backed up by the support of a single hard-working secretary. Love And Order is a dating sim with 4 love interests.","There’s a fly in your apartment! Hunt it down and squish it! Damn, that fly is fast! If a fly swat won’t get it, use furniture. If that doesn’t work, use anything you can find… just squish it! The more you smash, the more points you earn.",HassleHeart is an amazing arcade game about a robot running out of energy forced to rip out hearts to survive.,"This is the full soundtrack for &amp;quot;The Lady&amp;quot; Indie Game, the 2D Surrealist/Puzzle/Adventure with Horror elements.","Head out on duty with the entire fire department and take on exciting new missions in &amp;quot;Airport Firefighters: The Simulation&amp;quot;. As a member of the busy airport fire department, you and your colleagues work to ex-tinguish large airplane fires and fight through the blazing inferno of the passenger terminal.",Area-X is a blend between Visual Novel and Adventure Game. Follow the story of Elcia as she time travels and solve mysteries of her surroundings.,"The RIDE Season Pass gives you access to all four add-on packs for the game, including the two that have already been announced and two that will be revealed shortly, allowing you to race on 15 additional bike models manufactured between 1998 and 2015.","BIOS is a fast paced, high octane asynchronous First Person Shooter (FPS) competitive game. The player needs to complete the different simulated hostile environment the fastest way possible. Players develop strategies and refine their skills to make better times and compete in the leaderboards.","The catnip has been stolen, can you bring peace and harmony back to Kitty Island? --- Puzzle, gem matching, RPG, adventure for all ages!","You are a mine worker, stuck deep in an underground cave system. All you have are your hi-tech mining tools. In order to get out of the caves, you will have to shape the dynamic environment to your advantage. You can also create force fields for different purposes.",Dodge is a minimalist arcade-style game originally made for Ludum Dare 26. Your aim is simple: To dodge the incoming squares for as long as possible.,"Experience a fantastic adventure with unique gameplay that blends investigation, action and exploration in a breath-taking thriller that will test the limits of your nerves and intelligence.","Old school fantasy MMORPG in which gamers play together in a large world featuring a rich history dominated by commanding deities, powerful weapons &amp;amp; armor, deadly magic, epic quests, ancient places to discover, cities &amp;amp; lands to conquer, the utilization of detailed trade skills, and more.","The world of Alganon has expanded and with this growth comes major change. As the Ourobani stake their claim to the continent of Aeon, the Asharr and Kujix find they have a new threat to contend with. Will they be friend or foe? Perhaps both? Only time will tell, the gods themselves cannot say.",Red Stone is an online 2.5D Ultimate Transformation MMORPG! The story of Red Stone begins in the fantasy world of Prandel as players go on an adventurous quest to search for a mystical red stone that fell from the Celestial World.,"Wizards' Clash is fantasy turn-based card game. Gameplay is easier than classic card games, yet it has some particular features.",Navigate the player to the landing pad through twenty increasingly difficult levels within the time limit and with enough fuel.,A fast paced action shooter inspired by the arcade classic Super Pang! Use a wide selection of weapons and powerups to tear through increasingly challenging levels.,"Giana Sisters 2D is a HD remake of the beloved Nintendo DS game from 2009. It features full controller support, precise, intuitive controls and a smooth learning curve. All balanced for hours of fun and challenge.",Retro platforming action in this adaptation of a terrible movie.,"Live the life of a survivor who lost his parents at age 12 and was adopted by the wily Mr. Francis. Survive the cold nights and constant attacks. Build shelters to keep protected and tools to assist in the tasks, try to create alliances with other survivors, explore this new world to find new ways to stay alive in a survival game in...","Pixel Puzzles 2: Anime is a traditional style jigsaw puzzle game, in a kawaii style.","As predicted by the ancient scriptures the Apocalypse has arrived. Only you can save your people! Explore, Build, Craft, Discover and Fight to save Bonetown!","This demo includes the first of 3 &amp;quot;Zones&amp;quot; in A.V. A.V. is a first-person stealth-puzzle-musical-adventure game (Try saying that 5 times fast). The game places the player in the role of a rogue music-processing algorithm from a computer's sound systems. From this role, the player can view the world only through audible means.","Fight the gangs of Paris in this action packed Beat'Em up. Up to 4 players can join in, to cooperate, or fight against each other! Many unlockables, game modes, crazy combos and devastating furies await you in this deep fighting game.",Explore the mystery of an unknown world.,"In a small village in central Europe something is happening, the forest growing around has something different. Its wood is red color, unique in the world.","Crash-landed on a desolate, alien planet, what should've been a routine work-for-hire job for Powell has become a deadly mission to save the merchant vessel Morningstar and her crew.","Pixel Puzzles Ultimate, Bringing puzzles to the digital age.",Cricket Captain has long been hailed as the best cricket simulation game ever created and the upcoming launch of Cricket Captain 2015 will take the experience to an all-new level.,"Outpost 13 is a point and click adventure strategy game where you, a monster, must escape an icy planet by strategically killing off crew members while maintaining your cover as &amp;quot;Fen&amp;quot; the crew's pet dog. Play smart and you might just make it off-world alive.",The AR-K soundtrack released in 2012&amp;amp;2014,"Stardock's classic 2001 real-time economic strategy game, available now on Steam. Dive back into the timeless battle for one of the most ruthless environments ever created: international trade.","Experience romantic Regency England in this sumptuous solitaire game. Play your cards right as you tour historic London, Brighton and Bath, and help Bella create a dazzling ballroom. Unlock gameplay features with your makeover project and improve Bella’s chances of finding true love!","Niffelheim is a 2D action exploration game in a Nordic fantasy setting, with a huge hand-drawn world. Battle monsters, build castles, explore dungeons and conquer enemy lands. Triumph against the ancient forces that rule over this harsh world.","Rustbuckle Rumble is a side-scrolling, team-based, arena combat game - WITH ROBOTS! Inspiration for the mechanics was taken from classic run and gun games mixed with more modern, class-based, multiplayer shooters. It’s capture-the-flag where the players are the flags.","DRAGON: A Game About a Dragon is a colorful and lovingly hand-drawn Action RPG inspired by the 16-bit era. Finally, YOU get to play as the dragon! Breathe fire, fight knights, hoard gold, and find treasure! A refreshingly lighthearted game with an endearing story.","Play as a pixel adventuring through image files in a digital world where physics aren't constant. Run, jump, flip upside down, and rotate your gravity. Use weapons to destroy other pixels before they destroy you. Collect bits of data from challenging locations to find out why your world must survive at all costs.","Tower of Eglathia is a modern-day rogue-like fantasy adventure based on a tower in the book, Eglathia, (on Amazon). As a single adventurer, choose your biography and reason for entering the tower. Then enter the tower and face a host of different monsters while building up your character with three unique skill trees: Barbarian, Mystic,...","&amp;quot;Counter Spell&amp;quot; combines elements of classic role playing games with modern stealth-based shooters. Single player, multiplayer coop, and competitive multiplayer are all supported with different game modes for each. An open, streaming world makes for an exciting sandbox to adventure in!",In the year is 196X the communists won the space race and colonized Venus. Now the Americans have sent Sgt. Jon Dagger to Venus to destroy the Secret Soviet Science Facility.,"The award winning arcade platformer! Race to climb falling blocks as you dodge lava, dragons, and space chickens? Fast-paced retro goodness!","Pixel: ru² (are you squared) is a game that is a combination of a platformer, a shooter, and a puzzle game. The gameplay features color theory based puzzle and combat mechanics and gravity manipulation based puzzle and platforming mechanics.",The soundtrack for Pixel: ru² featuring the music of SynthR. Installing it will replace the music files with high quality lossless audio!,Multiplayer game about surviving in post-apocalyptic world.,"Take control of a squadron of ships in full 3D space combat. Explore, battle and trade your way through a pirate, machine and monster-infested solar system.","The climactic conclusion to Beethro Budkin's epic DROD adventures! Join Beethro as he races against time and mysterious forces in the Rooted Empire as the dire Grand Event looms near. With a huge amount of novel, quality puzzle content and story, this is the puzzle game to end all puzzle games.","A puzzle dungeon-crawler based on DROD, inspired by Tower of the Sorcerer and similar in flavor to Desktop Dungeons. Help Tendry the Stalwart navigate interlocking room puzzles while optimizing player stats, balancing weapons and armor, acquiring loads of loot, and dueling monsters with wit and flair.","Belladonna is a gothic adventure game, twisted and dark. Take the role of a corpse girl rising from the dead in an abandoned laboratory, and unravel the mysteries concerning your own death and reanimation.","Dark streets, vile sewers, and twisting alleys; all home to the terrible criminals that control this city. Welcome to Rook City, where evil never sleeps. Includes Expatriette, Mr. Fixer, The Chairman, The Matriarch, Plague Rat, Spite, Pike Industrial Complex, and Rook City.","Fight the ghosts through 50 waves of growing danger. Play as a powerful wizard, a mighty warrior, or a strategic builder to stop the ghost invasion. Evolve your character in the direction you want. Survive until dawn, or die trying.","Clean’Em Up is a fast paced, arcade-style Top Down Shooter with neon graphics. You play as an Upgradable Antivirus. You seek and destroy tremendous viruses and threats, collect and protect files and survive huge Bosses. The story is simple: Your Computer has been hacked... Dozens of viruses and other threats have penetrated your System...",Veteran Combat is a 2D side-scrolling (arcade) fighting game for PC.,Hand of Fate Original Soundtrack,"Draw a ship, Fly it. Get creative.",For Graygrowl! Battle Nibbs is here!,"Tremble, mortals! For Wraitlord Scoop has picked up the mic and is taking to the airwaves to comment on thine matches!","Sometimes: Success Requires Sacrifice, the title says it all! You get thrown into a dark room, with no light to be found anywhere! Are you willing to end your life to light the way for the next generation to proceed further? Play it today and find out!","Age of Fear: The Undead King is a refreshingly fun strategy title that marries a tabletop wargame with elements of RPG. The game features a huge variety of units, a novel hex-free battle system, morale, and multiplayer. Play as an evil necromancer or a noble knight in two story driven campaigns!","Blast your way through space in this innovative 3D bubble puzzler! Bounce, bobble, swing, and explode bubbles across the universe. Intergalactic Bubbles advances the classic match-3 genre into the 21st century with stellar graphics, 3D action, and upgrades.","For 3-8 Players and an Audience of thousands! Your phones or tablets are your controllers! The gut-busting, say-anything, no-rules party game!","Fire with Fire is an online player vs player tower defense strategy game about ascendant fireball creatures fighting over the last remaining fuel sources of a dying planet. Save the trees and rise up the leader boards. New unique towers, creeps and arenas in development.",Thoughts and expectations ARPG,"With this downloadable content (DLC) you will receive three background stories (mini-quests) for the game &amp;quot;Smugglers 5: Invasion&amp;quot; - &amp;quot;Warrior Within&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Golden Claw&amp;quot; and an &amp;quot;Aftermath&amp;quot; preview, &amp;quot;First Contact&amp;quot;.","- The Dragon Shadow suit increases your defense by 30 points. This will allow you to survive even the deadliest of blows. A real warrior never takes defense for granted! - Upon purchasing suit, you will receive 10,000 bonus coins!","- The Moon Avenger suit increases your maximum health by 100 points. This will allow you to stay alive even after encountering dangerous opponents or hard obstacles. - Upon purchasing suit, you will receive 10,000 bonus coins!","- The Treasure Hunter suit will let you earn 10% more gold every time you complete a quest. This is an essential item for players who like the ring of coin. - Upon purchasing suit, you will receive 10,000 bonus coins!","- The Night Wind suit increases your maximum health by 100 points. This means you will stay alive much longer and will be able to overpower even the most vicious of enemies. - Upon purchasing suit, you will receive 10,000 bonus coins!","- Equipment increases your character’s stats, helps complete levels and assists in fighting powerful opponents. - Upon purchasing equipment, you will receive a set of three items and 10,000 bonus coins!","- Equipment increases your character’s stats, helps complete levels and assists in fighting powerful opponents. - Upon purchasing equipment, you will receive a set of three items and 10,000 bonus coins!","- Equipment increases your character’s stats, helps complete levels and assists in fighting powerful opponents. - Upon purchasing equipment, you will receive a set of three items and 10,000 bonus coins!","The full soundtrack for Lumino City, by Ed GAPS of Brighton duo GAPS.","When a little man with an apple for a head loses his dog, it marks the beginning of a grand platforming adventure deep into the heart of...Wales?","The cult classic open-ended wilderness survival roguelike RPG taking place in the ancient North. Throughout the years, UnReal World has been praised for its incredible depth, realism, atmosphere and immersion. Lose yourself in the most intricate, detailed and enchanting iron-age game world.","Gamindustri has been taken over by a new threat, and the CPUs are nowhere to be found! It’s now up to their younger sisters to step into the spotlight and save the day in this hilarious, deeply customizable JRPG!",The battle against Zotrix aliens is getting closer to your door step. Every space station in the network is in danger and Solar Division command needs your help to setup proper strategy for the defense. You are trusted this important task before whole network is taken to the edge of the unknown.,"Lose yourself in this 2D, randomly generated woodland survival adventure.","The Never Alone soundtrack features a 33-minute audio journey from composer and sound designer Brendan J. Hogan, along with eleven bonus tracks from composers Daniel L.K. Caldwell and Colin O'Malley.","Cyberpunk Visual Novel about a girl hacker struggling in a modern World. The story revolves around surveillance, hacking, artificial intelligence, cybernetic implants and those who want to lead a normal life in a high-tech society.","With your final build missing, and only till the end of the night to publish his game, Warren must take up the difficult adventure to make a new build before the end of the night through whatever means necessary. Join Warren's quest to publish his title before the end of the night and become an indie dev.",News has come back to Earth of an intergalactic war rapidly approaching. There is only one hope left. You.,"In 2097, the mining of minerals and other natural resources is completely automated and controlled by supercomputers. The planets that are mined for 'Iberium', an essential mineral to control pollution on Earth, are called Z.A.R.; Zones for Artificial Resources.",The Vikings are back! Get this RTS classic!,Solve the mystery surrounding the 8th Wonder of the World with your heroes and banish evil from the Earth! Play this RTS-Classic.,'Pregnancy' is an interactive short story where the player attempts to influence the decisions of a 14 year old girl about the future of her pregnancy.,Lead your people. Survive the wilderness. Fight for honor. Reclaim your eternal reward. A brand new strategy game from the developers of Cultures and The Settlers II.,"Crazy Machines 3 is the latest, greatest, most amazing and craziest part of the series and fascinates once more with physic-based puzzles. Build your own crazy machines and share your awesomeness across the world thanks to the Steam® Workshop.","Unleash the power of the Doombringer and Grotesque, or defend Terrinoth with the help of Greyhaven Battlemages and Ironbounds! The Locust expansion offers 4 new units, 5 new multiplayer battlefields and 3 all-new Uthuk missions!","In THE DESCENDANT, the end of the world is only the start. With what remains of humanity protected in underground Ark facilities, your mission is to keep survivors alive, while discovering a far greater conspiracy buried within Ark-01.","In a world torn by war and political skirmishes, accept the burden of the Shepherd and fight human darkness to protect your world from Malevolence and reunite humans and Seraphim.","Create arcade stunt racetracks from audio in your music library, or from a selection of 25 bundled songs. Race the music to stay in sync. Score big by pulling off jumps, drifts and rolls. Challenge other racers to your favourite tracks. Have you got what it takes to win at your favourite song?",The original 'StarCrawlers' score by composer Ben Prunty. The OST contains 28 tracks totaling over 1 hour of playtime.,"In this first-person action-adventure game you play from behind the eyes of Leet Nym, who, at the request of a cat calling itself Mr. Snuggles, embarks on a quest to save an obscenely magical world named Fred.","Chess meets match-three to create a deep and strategic new experience. Faced with a board full of chess pieces, you must create rows or columns of matching pieces to score points. Pieces move the same way as in chess and “take” the piece in their target destination, clearing it from the board.","Fort Meow is a pillow fort physics-based puzzle adventure involving cats, destruction and a dusty old manor. Build a protective fort out of furniture to keep the cats at bay, while deciphering the mysterious tales hidden within the journal.","AGFPRO's Voxel Sculpt empowers users the ability to create unique and custom worlds one voxel at a time. By adding or subtracting voxels, users can create bridges, tunnels, caves, floating platforms, buildings and assets using soft or hard-edged voxels, any size, and with any texture for limitless possibilities.",Fair Strike is a game about brave pilots and their lethal celestial weapons fighting against terrorism and drug trafficking. So don't waste your time and jump into the cockpit of a modern attack helicopter and join a war against world terrorism. Your goal is simple - Kill them all!,"Colorful crazy world of a fantastic planet. Bizarre plants, strange landscapes! Under these unusual conditions there arose steam-robots civilization. But there’s no peace there - robots are at war.","Carve a path through an unforgiving wilderness to rescue a hero trapped by a villain! Developed to provide gamers with a thrilling and accessible t adventure, Pathfinders will provide hours of unforgettable fun!","Curse of Mermos is a free, lighthearted hack and slash game with fast paced action and challenging combat. Players wield the Hammer of Horus or shoot the Crossbow of Neith to defeat hordes of monsters in the tomb of Ebo. The game features unlock-able abilities and skill upgrades for personalized combat.","Destroy opponents, improve your car and weapons. Feel the dynamics of the chase and fighting battles. Enjoy good physics cars. You can choose between 15 cars, more than 80 unique tracks and several kind of weather condition.",Oban Airport (EGEO) is situated on the idyllic coast of Scotland and offers views such as the one across Ardmucknish Bay towards the Isle of Mull.The airport (also known as North Connel Airfield) lies 5.8 miles (9.,"Stornoway Airport (EGPO) lies 2.3 miles (3.7 km or 2 NM) east of the town of Stornoway on the Isle of Lewis, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.Association with the Royal Air Force goes back to 1928 when a flying boat landed in Stornoway harbour, long before there was landing ground for wheeled aircraft.","Close enough to see the ghost of Bonnie Prince Charlie at the 1746 site of the Battle of Culloden!Inverness Airport (EGPE) is situated at Dalcross, eight miles (13km or 7NM) north east of the city of Inverness, and is the gateway to the magnificent Scottish Highlands.","Ever flown into an airport with a Wind Farm (two 152ft turbines) 30 metres from the runway edge?Caernarfon Airport (EGCK) is located in the heart of Snowdonia, Wales, with Mount Snowdon (3,650ft) just a few minutes away by air. It lies 4.6 miles (7.","Five places to fly for peace, quiet and plenty of bracing North Sea air.These five airports on the islands of Baltrum, Borkum, Juist, Langeoog and Norderney are all part of the East Frisian Islands, situated off the coasts of Germany and Holland.","Fall off this mountain top and the only way is down - and don’t forget to fuel up for the round trip!Catalina Airport (KAVX) is situated on Santa Catalina Island and is known as the ‘Airport in the Sky’ due to its elevation at 1,602ft (488m) above sea level.","Santa Barbara Airport (KSBA) for flights to Los Angeles, Phoenix, San Francisco, Denver, Seattle, Portland, or our sister airport, Santa Catalina (KAVX)Commercial airline flights began in 1932 on Pacific Seaboard Airlines.","The Masters Golf tournament is a bonus!In 1941, the airport was first established as a flight training school to support the United States military build-up prior to its entry into World War II. In three years it trained over 5,000 personnel.","Spirit of War: The Great War is a turn-based strategy game set during World War I. Drawing inspiration from board games classics, Spirit Of War is a unique arcade/strategy experience.","McClellan–Palomar Airport (Palomar Airport - KCRQ) is a public airport three miles (5km) southeast of Carlsbad in San Diego County, California. The airport is used for general aviation and United Express operates scheduled airline flights. In March 2013 the airport was the fourth busiest single runway airport in the United States.","Look through a microscope and discover a small world made of ever expanding cells. Try to stay alive the longer you can, and beat your score, or your friends’ high scores.","Create your own epic saga of conflict, mythology and community! Rule your own clan, take important strategic decisions, win battles and expand your influence in this unique mix of RPG, strategy and story-telling.","Ben Gurion airport, which today serves as the entrance and exit gateway of the State of Israel, was established by the British Mandate authorities in the Land of Israel as part of a broad plan to lay down airports in mandate-time (pre-state) Israel.","The Westport Independent is a censorship simulator taking place in a post-war country, governed by the recently elected Loyalist Party. As the editor of one of the last independent newspapers in the country, your job is to remove and edit the content of your paper, affecting the people’s opinion of both the rebels and the Loyalist...","Cakewalk Sound Center gives you access to at least 150 different instrument sounds. Including acoustic &amp;amp; electric guitars, basses, drums, pianos, synths, strings, ethnic sounds, and more.",Rapture Session and Rapture Session are the first performance synths to combine oscillator and sample-based synthesis in an intuitive design for musicians of any skill level. Compatible with any Windows VST-compatible DAW.,Faithfully modeled after one of the most sought after studio compressors in history.,"You must own the STEAM version of Music Creator or SONAR to use this DLCVideo Game Backgrounds features rhythmic textures and soundscapes that will instantly create refreshing background beds. Real time controllers allow designers to sculpt textures with filters, LFO’s, pitch, rhythmic effects, and more.","Reflections is a real-world adventure game where every action you take has meaningful consequences that radically shape the experience. Each action you take is punctuated by flushing the black and white environment with color, illustrating your progress and providing clues to what your future might hold.","Create the most powerful ship in the galaxy piece by piece, take it into battle and then lose your ship to a traitorous crew in an endless cycle of punishment and revenge.","A must-have addition to your effects arsenal, the new PC4K S-Type Channel Compressor adds vintage-era, console-style, channel compression to every ProChannel strip in SONAR.","It’s more important than ever to deliver mixes that stand out from the crowd. And it’s not just about being “loud”. It’s about maintaining punch, clarity, and good dynamics while achieving the levels necessary for a particular sound or an entire mix to stand up and get noticed.","Following the epic storylines of Jurassic Park, The Lost World: Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park III, as well as the highly anticipated Jurassic World, LEGO Jurassic World™ is the first videogame where players will be able to relive and experience all four Jurassic films.","Extract and gather resources from different planets. Manage the supply of electricity, water, food and oxygen of your base in order to survive. Automate the creation of new products. Build a spaceship to transport your products to other places...",Head deep beneath Orlandes City and uncover a dark brotherhood in this Gamebook Adventure where YOU control the story!,"Sneaky Ninja is the stealth game Nintendo would make; it's a 2D stealth platformer mix of Mario and Mark of the Ninja, combining lighthearted platforming with tactical stealth action and a wide range of difficulty modes for a game both casual and hardcore can enjoy!","Ghosts prey on the living inside the haunted mansion of a long dead electricity tycoon. Dead Realm is a creepy, multiplayer action game with beautiful, immersive environments. You can play as either a Ghost or a Human character and work with your friends to run, hide, survive… or die.","Lose yourself in The Silent Age, the thrilling point-and-click adventure with over seven million mobile downloads, completely revamped and updated for PC.","Urban Empire is a ‘City Ruler’, pioneering a new breed of strategy game that combines city builder features with political scheming and adds profound social and historical events into the mix, creating a whole new gameplay experience.","Crowntakers – Undead Undertakings leads you into the land of the living dead. Explore the sinister depths of the Necropolis where death and decay have left their foul footprints. Battle the horrors risen from their graves like zombies, skeletons and vampires, lead your fellow mercenaries to victory and back to sunnier climes.","Immersed into dark and unexplored ancient woods in a search of the almost forgotten &amp;quot;Legend of the Ancients&amp;quot;. But not everything goes as planned as the place keeps a never revealed horrifying secret. Hidden is a first person horror point n' click adventure game, with focus on story, puzzles and exploration.",The official soundtrack of Homeworld 1 Remastered by Paul Ruskay! Includes files in .MP3 and FLAC format.,"A party game / arena fighter where balding porcupines with only a single quill left fight to the death for honour, glory, and their enemies' skulls!","From laser-jousting deathmatches to bird-noir crime thrillers, The Indie Mixtape contains five of the most interesting and exciting games from the best indie talent out there.",Items package for production and remodeling aircraft included Universal Blue Print for producing higher level aircraft at factory and Pre. Upgrade Kit for premium aircraft enforcement.,"Legendary online multiplayer space shooter, entirely community-run for almost 2 decades. Addictive, fast-paced, easy to learn and impossible to master. There's never been a game quite like this.",The official soundtrack of Homeworld 2 Remastered by Paul Ruskay!,"Leave the farms and cities behind, jump straight into managing your own planets in The Universim, a brand new God-game in development by Crytivo Games and Alexander Koshelkov.","The Digital Collector's Edition includes: $50 of Gems, a permanent Account-Experience and End-of-Game rewards boost, 9 exclusive skins, an exclusive account icon, 1080 Elixir, 3000 Seals, the Digital Lorebook, Digital Concept Art Compilation, and the Official Soundtrack.","Princess battles is a visual novel with raising sim themed card battles, a female protagonist and four romanceable male characters.","Road Works is a new take on the Strategy game genre by indie game developer TaxSoft, inspired by classic City Builder and Business Tycoon video games. You are given a set of factories and are put in charge of maximizing its profits through the construction of carefully planned road networks.","A hybrid strategy Action-Strategy game with a bright and unique art style. Harvest resources, build defences and rescue survivors.","Fall into the magically complicated world of Overture as the three main characters embark on an adventure that will shake their lives and the world around them. Will they fan the flames of the growing revolution, or will they be the key to extinguishing it?","Futuridium EP Deluxe is a psychedelic retro inspired shoot’em up with a modern twist, that blends together frantic action, puzzle elements, a vibrant low poly aesthetic and an heart pumping electronic soundtrack.","This is a theatrical story game. Lead the hero Yukiji on a journey of vengeance, to the snowy mountain where Yukie resides. The story will proceed in a movie-like fashion.","Having sold over 200,000 units worldwide, this cult classic is back and bigger than ever, with new shortcuts, a fast forward function, automatic positioning, as well as an enemy/NPC encounter triggered pause feature, making the game more convenient to play, while major balance changes have also been implemented for a more compelling gamep",DGU is a 3rd person 3D adventure/puzzle game where the player plays as a student of the Death God University studying to become a death god assistant.,Are you ready to embark on a journey through deserts and dangers? Will you be able to safely navigate your fellowship through the lands of the Orient and uncover your destiny? Through strategic trading and traveling you will overcome obstacles and adversity.,"Race to the finish in Giana Sisters: Dream Runners, a fast-paced, head-to-head platformer for up to four players.","Awaking on an island with no memory, you have just one memento of the life you led before… A child's photograph. Who is this? You must search the island for useful tools that will aid in your escape. As time passes and hopes of survival hang by a thread, you realise that this island is not as it seems.","Experience fast action, thrilling levels, spectacular explosions and lots of pew-pew-pew. Star Horizon is a reboot for the on-rails space shooter genre.",All aspiring dragon warriors now have the opportunity to claim this unique Starter Pack for their upcoming adventures.,"These are the extras - the soundtrack by Iede Saudek and Thomas Krze, the preliminary works by Camila &amp;quot;Bura&amp;quot; Gormaz http://www.bura.cl and a hi-def illustration by Lia Margot. After downloading the DLC, open up Invisible Apartment's folder to find the &amp;quot;extra&amp;quot; directory.","Prepare yourself for mind-blowing puzzle action in new dimensions! You think Starlaxis is just a small puzzle game? THINK AGAIN! Master breath-taking challenges, win seemingly impossible boss fights, complete multiple missions goals, overcome dozens of enemies, and last but not least: Save EARTH!","When Chuck wears this incredibly cool outfit, he gains the power of the legendary Japanese ninja! With this costume equipped, Chuck will be harder for zombies to grapple and can move through crowds of zombies easier. He will also gain new sword attacks, and throwing weapons (plates, nails, CDs, etc) fly farther and do more damage. Why?","Wearing this special costume gives Chuck all the shockingly disturbing abilites of a deranged homicidal psychopath! Actually, that's quite handy if you're surrounded by a horde of zombies. Some of the special abilities Chuck's costume-enhanced psyche affords him include better resistance to damage due to his deranged state, stronger...",Chuck becomes a battle-hardened soldier when he wears this costume. Mowing down zombies in a hail of bullets has never been more fun! These clothes give Chuck special abilities such as improved battle effectiveness when using firearms. Chuck also gains new attacks when using assault rifles.,"This special costume brings out Chuck's inner sports fan! By wearing this costume, Chuck gains incredible sports fan powers, such as being able to drink as much alcohol as he wants without getting sick, gaining more health from food and winning more when gambling.","A comprehensive, 58-page strategy guide for Edolie! Includes a main story walkthrough, side quests, maps, character profiles, and some helpful tips for any skill level.",The town of Deadwood is being terrorized by the ghost of a murderous outlaw in Ghost Encounters: Deadwood - The Collector's Edition!,"Chicken Invaders puts you at the forefront of a battle against invading intergalactic chickens, bent on revenge for our oppression of Earth chickens. This time, the chickens have hatched a devious plan to block out sunlight and freeze Earth to death!","The Sandman came back to take revenge. This time his victim is Tim, Laura’s husband. Will you succeed in pulling him out of nightmare?",This is an MMO shooter where you ride dragons armed with missiles and lasers!,"The single engine Piper Cherokee is one of the most common and standard general aviation aircraft, designed for flight training, air taxi and personal use.The first PA-28 received its type certificate from the Federal Aviation Administration in 1960, and the series remains in production to this day.","Bombshell is an Action Shooter game in which bomb disposal technician turned mercenary for hire, Shelly &amp;quot;Bombshell&amp;quot; Harrison must strong-arm her way across 4 planets in an Unreal Engine-powered galactic adventure to rescue the president (and humanity) from an apocalyptic alien threat.","They are slow and dumb, and they sure need you! Snails is a 2D platformer/puzzle game where the main objective is to help the snails reach the level exit.","Lost in an alternate dimension, Neptune must collect enough shares to get back home. Sounds easy – except the Seven Sages want to rid Gamindustri of CPUs, including Neptune! Help defeat them and return her to her own world in this JRPG – or be stuck in the '80s forever!","Metamorphabet is a playful, interactive alphabet for all ages.","A world of Police that have forgotten what, and why, they are policing. Rooftop Cop is a collection of five endless vignette games and a 7-track album. The games are set on a loose metaphysical timeline in which the Cops slowly lose their way.","rFactor is a realistic easily extendable racing simulation from Image Space Incorporated. It offers the latest in vehicle and race customization, great graphics, outstanding multiplayer, and the height of racing realism.","After falling in love at first sight with the shy Sachi Usui, an injury-ridden, single-eyed high school girl, the protagonist tries to win over her lonely and isolated heart. A pure, heart-warming romance game where the apple of your eye only has one eye!","Dungeon Highway drops you into a delightfully stylized fantasy world filled to the brim with dastardly monsters. Heart-pounding action, nostalgic graphics and an enchanting chiptune soundtrack bring a new milestone to the genre of endless arcade racing.",&amp;quot;how do you Do It?&amp;quot; puts players in the role of an 11-year-old girl whose mother has just stepped out for an errand. The girl immediately grabs her dolls and furtively attempts to figure out how sex works using these plastic surrogates.,Experience a new level of precise control for your favorite games. The Steam Controller lets you play your entire collection of Steam games on your TV—even the ones designed without controller support in mind.,"Play your Steam games on any TV in the house with Steam Link. Setup is easy. Just connect your Steam Link to your TV and home network, where it will automatically discover any computer running Steam. Then grab a controller and play your collection of games from the comfort of your couch.","The Alienware Steam Machine combines the awesome experience of console gaming with a massive library of over 1000 games, all in full 1080p HD on your TV. You’ll experience powerful and immersive gaming with the high performance NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX GPU 2GB GDDR5 graphics and Intel® Core processors.","The ALTERNATE Steam Machine combines powerful PC gaming with the easy handling of a gaming console. Thanks to Valves unique operating system SteamOS, all important functions can be controlled without classical input devices.",The Eclipse is a steam machine that is fully equipped with desktop level performance in a slim footprint. Dominate the latest PC games thanks to Eclipse’s support for a full-size dedicated graphics card and desktop-class Intel processor.,The MAINGEAR DRIFT is the ultimate customizable small form factor Gaming PC designed from the ground up for living room gaming. Powered by the latest cutting edge hardware the DRIFT packs the same power as a full sized desktop in an elegant console sized package.,"Materiel.net relied on 13 years of expertise to design this new kind of PC, able to meet the expectations of gamers and the technical constraints of a living room PC. We wanted our Steam Machine to be elegant, easy to use, powerful, and scalable. 4 essential points to promise you the best of gaming and multimedia from your couch.","NEXTBOX is the solution that Next will provide to the market to meet a new Gaming Experience, NEXTBOX, elegant and low noise can be use everywhere in the house, powered by Intel and Nvidia meet today and tomorrow requirements of Gaming and Home Theater.","A range of compact PCs optimised for the upcoming SteamOS, a powerful new open-platform operating system developed by Valve Corporation, specially designed to give gamers the ultimate living room experience.","Built from the ground up for optimum price, performance and low noise, Webhallen S15-01 is one of the most convenient ways of enjoying your games in the living room to-date. Capsuled in a sleek aluminum chassis this machine offers four cores of processing power, 8GB of high performance RAM while its graphics card, a GeForce GTX 960,...",Get ready to transform what you know about gaming because NEN is going to completely change the dynamic. NEN offers the sleekest and powerful Steam Machine for delivering your gaming experience into any room in the house.,A simple 3d puzzle game.,"Taking place in a single mansion in Candlewood, northeast USA, in the early 20th Century, House of Caravan is a sinister adventure filled with dark secrets and vexing puzzles.","Run, hit, switch, fall, love, plug, pull. And push.","Scout DLC opens up the new robot class - Scout. This is the robot, belonging to one of the three races, having invaded the Earth. In contrast to the Soldier, Scout has a wheel instead of legs. It gives him more speed and maneuverability. The main feature of robot type is Energy Shield, his main ability.","Tank DLC give access to most massive class of robots, Tank! This race is considered to be tough and brutal. He is bigger than the rest, he has more health and armor, but he is slower. His ability, Charge, compensates for this feature. Skillful player will be able both to run away and to catch up the enemy using this ability.","Sit back, relax and soak in the electro-pop dream that is the Grow Home Soundtrack DLC (featuring 2 music tracks).","Valhonis must vanquish the evil that has taken over the kingdom, and restore peace to the land!","The legendary video game is reborn, Deus Ex Machina 2 is a darkly comic cradle-to-grave roller-coaster of your entire life. A surreal journey from before your birth, through the temptations and dangers of your life, and beyond your own death.","Fly the most produced aircraft of the Piper company, the PA-28RT-201 Arrow IV. The cockpit is accurate and fully equipped with the performance being as realistic as possible. Originally rebuilt aircraft models with an unbelievable visual quality, a true highlight for every light aircraft pilot.","In Oil Enterprise, you enter the multi-million dollar business of black gold as a shrewd businessman. Accept the challenge and grow from a small-scale en-trepreneur, investing in your first oilfield, to a global oil magnate.","Build railways, manage traffic and stay accident-free. Play in Europe, America, Japan and USSR in 1830-2020. Complete the story mode from the Gold Rush of 1849 to the first manned spaceflight, and then explore the random mode. Management. Construction. Trains. Welcome to Train Valley!",Warning: D.U.S.T. requires actual understanding of firearm operations. Please refer to our field manuals if you are not familiar with them.,"Fire up your ray guns, crystal swords, and laser whips, and get ready for thrills and chills! With three incredible movie stars playing out decidedly B-level sci-fi exploits, Dick Starspeed, Scarlet Nova, and Robot will have you ready to jump off the side of the tower—right into adventure!","High quality three types of aircraft package as Fighter, Bomber and Gunner which are hardly obtainable anywhere.",Useful extended items package for full enjoyment,"Useful items package for missions and PVP battle with increase slots of Sub-weapon, decrease cool time of skill, improvement acceleration time and two additional skill slots.",Lead the mighty Salamander’s through the 2nd War for Armageddon against the Ork Waaagh in 10 absorbing missions. Protect civilians and refugees and ensure the Orks feel Vulkan’s Wrath.,Begin a whole new campaign taking control of the Blood Angels Space Marines as you battle the Ork invaders from the ash wastes of Armageddon all the way to the deepest caverns and claustrophobic corridors of the massive Hive cities!,Embark on the final Space Marine campaign of the 2nd War for Armageddon as you lead the glorious Ultramarines to battle in a new campaign where the decisions you make will persist and alter the flow of the war in new and exciting ways!,Take on the role of Spud and prevent the evil Doctor Chillblane from enslaving the world with his cruel tyranny. Travel the world from pole to pole running a gauntlet of strange creatures.,"TGC Collector's Edition features Season Mode, Tropical Theme, and more!","Rising Tide is an exciting expansion to Civilization: Beyond Earth which introduces oceanic gameplay, extending the play space to the entire surface of the planet, greatly enhanced diplomacy as well as hybrid affinities, new factions, and expanded game systems.","These tracks are the culmination of Peter's 2 year involvement with Reassembly. They are meant to depict the evolving atmospheres in the game, with tones spanning from danger and loneliness to discovery and wonder. The majority of the collection is ambient, punctuated with high energy tracks. Track list: 1. Reassembly (Coffee) 2.","Featuring in-depth lacrosse gameplay, high quality graphics, multi-year career mode, competitive online multiplayer, real-time RPG leveling and character customization, Powell Lacrosse 16 brings the sport to life like never before.",Items package for production and remodeling aircraft included Universal Blue Print for producing higher level aircraft at factory and Pre. Upgrade Kit for premium aircraft enforcement.,YOU have to show what you’re made of as the war over Europe is in full swing. Fight waves of Axis planes and panzers until you hit the boss enemies – the ACES OF THE LUFTWAFFE.,"Put your piloting skills to the test over the Pyrenees with the highly popular Discover Europe flight plans from First Class Simulations. Following your tour around Europe affords the opportunity to visit Paris, Rome, Madrid, Venice, Prague, Warsaw, Vienna, and a whole host of countries and cities that reflect the multicultural tapestry...","Sneak into the pharaoh's pyramid and meet up with Assil and his crew of crazy friends. Just as the party starts to get hot, a silly accident turns life upside down! Help Assil reverse the curse!","Fadia, a young and courageous boy sets about protecting ‘Naria’, his home village, from the Khazdaks who are trying to pollute their river.",Volchaos is an ultra-challenging old school platformer.,"Space is a dangerous placed for even the most seasoned starship pilot, full of asteroids, multicolored floating blocks, and space mines. It's even more dangerous when you your accelerator is stuck to the floor and your brakes are out.",Travel a hundred years into the future to command an advanced space fleet in full 3D turn-based tactical space combat through the greatest conflict humankind has ever known. Protect the Sky!,Don your cape and mask and join the Supreme League of Patriots in this hilarious and irreverent superhero comedy adventure!,"Thirty years after Freddy Fazbear's Pizza closed it's doors, the events that took place there have become nothing more than a rumor and a childhood memory, but the owners of &amp;quot;Fazbear's Fright: The Horror Attraction&amp;quot; are determined to revive the legend and make the experience as authentic as possible for patrons, going to great l","Find all the cars, all the drivers and all the official rallies of the 2015 FIA World Rally Championship in THE racing simulation standard. Realistic driving on different road surfaces, dynamic damage, day/night system, weather… Experience all the sensations of rally racing in WRC 5!","This is Bunker: The Underground Game. You probably never heard of it but since you now have, you are one of the cool kids. Game takes place deep down in a forgotten Soviet bunker. You spend rest of your absurd adventure puzzling, mini gaming, pointing, clicking, hipstering, err humor-ing oh and escaping what is no doubt the weirdest...",Aberoth is a fantasy massively multiplayer online role playing game with charming retro graphics and tons of freedom.,"What if you could unhook the stars and fight your battles with black holes? With its mix of adaptative unit combination, space resource harvesting as well as visual and audio refinement, Devouring Stars aspires to bring a different scope to the RTS genre.","A brain-racking game about bathroom breaks, screwdrivers and nuclear explosions.","Soundtrack, Art Book and Comic Book.","Chaostower - Build and defend, a physics-based action puzzler. Build a tower from a whole bunch of different parts and prove it against several natural forces like earthquakes, wind and meteors. Defend your tower against artificial enemies, like robots, tanks, bomb-birds and many more.",LoveBeat is a free-to-play casual rhythm game that features the various indie songs and dance moves. Steal the show by joining LoveBeat dance party where it’s full of lovable people all over the world!,The official soundtrack and art book for Bloody Streets.Files will be placed in your Bloody Streets folder in the Steam Directory: \steamapps\common\Bloody Streets\Soundtrack and Art BookTrack List:Bloody Streets Main ThemeMain MenuFirst WaveDancing ZombiesPunchinSadness of a ZombieMilitiaGame is OverBonus Track2nd Bonus...,"Get ready for the fur to fly in this wild and crazy matching game! With dozens of challenging levels, bright and colorful graphics, and a storyline that will have you squawking with laughter, Claws and Feathers will provide hours matching fun!","Crusader Kings II: Horse Lords is the ninth expansion for the best-selling strategy RPG Crusader Kings II, and offers expanded gameplay based around the dynamic and vibrant nomadic cultures of the Eurasian steppes.","Crusader Kings II: Horse Lords Content Pack includes four unique unit packs, a portraits pack and a music pack for the Horse Lords expansion.","The first entry in the Assassin’s Creed Chronicles saga takes place in China, 1526, as the Ming dynasty starts to crumble. You embody Shao Jun, the last remaining Assassin of the Chinese Brotherhood, returning to her homeland with a vendetta.","Embark on a thrilling adventure through sheet music in Tadpole Treble! Escape predatory piranhas, flirtatious tadpoles and more as you make your way back home. Shoot for the top of the leaderboards, or create your own stages and music in Composition Mode!",Against the overwhelming might of the Empire stands a small but growing Rebel Alliance. Scattered resistance groups are uniting and what is needed most now are Starfighter pilots. Will you join their struggle to end this tyranny and become a hero of the Rebellion?,This DLC will add the following items: ・Change Dungeon: Rebeat Resort ・Plan: V Crystal Ring ・Plan: Vita Ring ・Plan: LL Ring ・Plan: Pop-up Ring ・Key Fragment It will also add the following content: ・Increase level cap by 300 ・A new Colosseum battle is available,This DLC will add the following items: ・Change Dungeon: Endless Zone ・Plan: Nurse Badge ・Plan: Tome of Darkness It will also add the following content: ・Increase level cap by 300 ・A new Colosseum battle is available,This DLC will add the following items: ・Change Dungeon: Iris Field ・Plan: Shining Ring ・Plan: Black Cat Ring ・Plan: Round Ring ・Plan: U Ring It will also add the following content: ・Increase the level cap by 300 ・A new Colosseum battle is available,This DLC will add the following Plans: ・Super EXP UP ・Felis Insurance ・Felis EXPRESS,This DLC will add the following item: ・Beam Zapper ZERO,"Crash-land on a hostile sentient world in this deep, turn-based 4X/citybuildier. Learn the languages of other trapped alien empires, explore, form alliances, and ultimately attempt the impossible: escape.","No unit caps. No limits. No mercy. I don't know if fast paced, retro arcade style strategy is a thing, but if it is, this is it. 我會看到你在戰場上。","Volume 1 of the Official Artizens Soundtrack by Adam Nash, featuring 20 diverse tracks from the world of Rhiza.","Decisive Campaigns: Case Blue simulates the German drive to Stalingrad and into the Caucasus of the summer of 1942, as well as its May preludes (2nd Kharkov offensive, Operation Trappenjagd) and also the Soviet winter counter-offensive (Operation Uranus) that ended with the encirclement of 6th Army in Stalingrad.","8 players local multiplayer bonanza with only 4 controllers!In Miner Warfare you dig for gold. But you'll spend most of the match shooting in your friends's face, mining holes with laser cannon, throwing buggers and detonating atomic bombs. WARNING: excessive use can destroy friendship.",Build a medieval kingdom in The Settlers Online!,"MISSING is an episodic series bringing the 90's FMV games and classic adventure together in a unique experience. Use your brain to solve puzzles, find items and use reflexes in action sequences to help the characters progress in the story.","A classic point and click adventure game, featuring weird and wonderful characters, beautiful animation and a fantastic soundtrack. &amp;quot;It is quite possibly one of the finest point-and-click comedy murder mystery adventure games set in Victorian London you will play today&amp;quot; - Bertram...",There are reasons a lost city becomes lost.,"Assume the role of Julie Masters, a new Berkshire Paranormal investigator as she explores and investigates the Houghton Mansion using all the ghost-hunting tools of the trade!","Take on the role of Lorelai, a young woman of humble means who learns that her true identity is the heir to a powerful empire!","Two nations finally achieve peace, marked by a momentous royal wedding. But just as they seal it with a kiss, a group of soldiers sabotage the wedding and kidnap the bride! Follow the story of Lucian, Ingrid, and Soha, as they uncover the secrets of the conspiracy and expose the true villains!","Take on the role of Trigger Saint, mystic, hero, savior, legend, and wielder of the mighty Kuna Musket. You have come of age and it is time to fulfill your destiny. Avenge your people and reclaim the floating city of Pithia in this Si-Fi/Fantasy like, Isometric like, Adventure/Shooter like RPG.","Coated is a world made of colors, coat yourself to solve puzzles. It is a game, an adventure, and a lesson.",At Alcatraz you need to deliver total punishment and minimum privilege to ruthless murders and hardened criminals. Do you have what it takes?,"Fast thinking and reflexes are required in order for you to survive all the traps and the attacks of your enemies. It will try to surprise you on your every move, and most probably succeed. And when you think you have finally won and you are safe, something will go wrong and make your little world a living hell.","The Adventures of Tree takes you on an open ended adventure to save your fellow species from the evil invaders! Explore the vast open world to discover it's many secrets! With over 30+ hours of gameplay, The Adventures of Tree, is not something you'll want to miss out on!","Permanently unlocks all six debut robots for use in all modes of gameplay. The six robots are: Clancy, Daisy, Bjorn, Kasumi, Maverick, and Valentina.","Headcrab Frenzy is a free dynamic action Half-Life mod which allows you to quench a desire to destroy these little bouncy critters to your heart's content, hold records, get achievements, and try your hand at cooperative gameplay, competing in public statistics.","Indie Assault is a fast paced platform fighter with advanced techniques. The characters are pulled from exciting indie games, and show off several of their signature moves in their distinct and visually stunning play styles.","A blast from Flump Studios past! Pester was released on Xbox live indies back in early 2013 and was Flump Studios first game developed for public release. A remake of one of my early C64 games, Pester is a very fast paced and busy retro vertical shooter.","Hack your way through this maddened forest with one angry bunny's razor sharp Independently Targeting Bionic Shard of Concentrated Mayhem that serves as the titular character's right arm. Now fully detatchable and slingshot capable, for when you just need to fling yourself across the screen.",HIS - Starter Pack,"Stuck in the Underworld without the slightest clue why, a young fiend has a bit of a mystery to solve in this action/adventure platformer. With a world to explore, a past to uncover, and quite the task to complete, players must embark on a quest filled with monsters, towns, dungeons, bosses, and various platforming challenges.","Shin Samurai Jazz is a platform-adventure game. It combines the likes of film noir and samurai cinema, presenting them with 8-bit graphics, an electro-jazz soundtrack, and a comic/manga-like style creating a unique atmosphere.","GlassWire visualizes all your network activity so you can improve your Internet connection quality, save bandwidth, and help protect your computer from malware. If any unusual network-related activity is detected GlassWire warns you with a temporary polite notification that won't disturb your game-play.","The ultimate top down racing game with over 100 tracks, online and local multiplayer, extensive single player and a track editor to create and share your own tracks with the others.",Don't make these monsters angry! Fire your bombs at those lousy creatures and get buildings to collapse on them. With lovely HD graphics and awesome physics!,"Legendary shoot-'em-up makes its way on the PCs! Abundant explosions, truly epic boss fights and beautifully crafted 3D environments are here to keep you entertained. Sky Force Anniversary offers single player experience and local cooperative mode for 2 players.",Sébastien Loeb Rally EVO brings off-road racing to a whole new level of simulation and engagement. It will enable you to drive the best rally cars from the past up to the present day in the most exciting off-road events across the globe.,"TDP5: Arena - the outstanding Free-To-Play 3D online shooter game with RPG elements, styled as 2D platformer. Real physics, various maps, achievement system, flexible adjustment of talents, leaderboard and much more you can find in our game! Come quickly!","Crazy Steam Bros is a classical horizontal shoot'em up inspired by the gameplay of old arcades. Anton and Dupont are brothers, inventors, and a little mad also! With the help of their landlady, Miss Lily, they must defeat the evil Baron and their hordes of moustached soldiers.","Fast paced Sci-Fi FPS - with multiple game modes. Team play, all out war, and capture the flag options to keep the game play fast and furious on all EIGHT maps. Timed map reloads, 9 weapon choices, running on the Unity engine for speed and compatibility.",Dungeon Crawlers is a game designed to explore the fun and funny concept of what &amp;quot;Ghostbusters&amp;quot; might've looked like if it were set in a dungeon. It's a turn-based strategy game that is easily accessible. Don't expect to dive too deep into statistics and weapons types here. The interface is highly streamlined.,"Pirates Deck is Tower Defense Game, Save your Island Base from enemy Pirates.","Are you ready for the new challenges of MotoGP™15? Compete against MotoGP™, Moto2™, and Moto3™ riders on the 18 circuits of the 2015 championship in a bid to win the world champion title!","A &amp;quot;Metroid-vania&amp;quot;-style platform adventure, voted GAME OF THE YEAR by Gamezebo.","An inventive, thought-provoking puzzle platformer. Use powerups in each environment, and your own inherent gravity-bending powers, to complete each level. The more you play, the more story details you'll uncover.","Codename CURE is a first person, co-operative zombie game with support for up to five players, providing dynamic, fast-paced zombie fragging with both objective, and survival-based missions.","6DOF gameplay, setting the player free from the floor. Balanced multiplayer maps with stable and well tested netcode. Random Single Player layouts. Windows, Mac, Linux support. THIS IS AN EARLY ACCESS ALPHA ANY OR ALL ASSETS MAY BE REPLACED.",Faceted Flight is a stylized stunt flight game designed to deliver the thrill of flight. Take control of the Hover Jet and challenge ghost racers in Ring Attack or just relax and explore Free Flight....or you could always hop into the cockpit of the Jump Seat and give Target Practice a try. What are you waiting for? Do a barrel roll.,"YOU GET TO CONTROL UNIQUE CREATURES LIKE LOBSTERS, CRABS AND BARNACLES, IN A WILD WATER WORLD THAT EXCEEDS ALL HUMAN SENSE.","The Imperial Navy is called upon to eradicate the last of the rebellion and restore law and order. As an Imperial navy starfighter pilot, you will safeguard imperiled lives thoughout the galaxy. Join the Emperor's cause in eliminating the Rebel uprising as the Empire strikes back!",HIS - [Ju87G] Berta Hildebrand Pack,This DLC include Premium airplane and others Premium Airplane &amp;quot;P-82 Twin mustang custom&amp;quot; Pre. Upgrade Kit x 20 100 HIS$ *Only one chance to buy one DLC per an account. *It is not eligible to buy the same item in game once DLC purchase has been made. *Items earned from DLC purchase is provided through gift box.,"In 199X, you control Clara. That's the problem.",The Furries Princess has been kidnapped! Help these hilariously cute creatures execute a rescue mission. You will need to explore the Evil Wizard's castle and solve his puzzles to succeed. Hours of mildly brain-teasing gameplay awaits!,The complete 199X OST.,Free Official Soundtrack,"Become a hyper-agile, cybernetic machine of robot death in an ultra-fast 2D acrobatic shooter/slasher. Boost, slice and shoot your way to the top of the score rankings in Blood Alloy: Reborn, rendered in glorious cyberpunk pixels upon a pulsing synthwave soundtrack.","This Tech Demo of After Reset™ RPG - is just a free demonstration of the graphics level, camera view and general atmosphere of the game.","The six-seat, high performance, PA-32R is one of Piper’s most popular single engine aircraft, brought to FSX: Steam Edition by well-known developer Carenado. The design began life as the Piper Lance, a retractable gear version of the Piper Cherokee Six; later models are known as Saratogas.","The Piper PA-34 Seneca was first flown in 1969. Initially designed as a twin engine version of the Cherokee Six, the Seneca is normally used for personal and business transportation, boasting a range of approximately 725 nautical miles.",Reign of Bullets is a shoot ‘em up with epic loot and lots of guns. Upgrade your ship and customize your weapons to build the ultimate fighter plane.,"The vast world of Last Dream features over two-hundred brilliant compositions from talented artists. This album for the Last Dream Expansion: World Unknown features 27 as-yet-unheard original tracks commissioned for specific villages, battles, and cutscenes from funds raised on Kickstarter.","In the middle of a blizzard, a community's remaining citizens are forced to confront their impending deaths. Every night, a villager is killed, and the survivors are forced to alter their course in response. Every game creates a new, randomized story just for you.","*Turn-based 1 vs 1 card battle game. *Total 150 skill cards, no-in-game-charge. *This game has 5 unique characters and each character has its own game system. *Casual card game and at the same time, have deep strategic possibilities.","Diesel Guns is a mix of two absolutely different genres shooter and racing that are magically harmonised inside online car-shooter with a very dynamic fast-paced gameplay, intuitive controls designed to let player focus on gameplay and tons of features that players can use in battle!","Radium is a minimalist and physics-based skill game, featuring unique game controls.","Flamberge is a tactics RPG featuring free movement and simultaneous turns. Players plan out their moves ahead of time, then during execution, both allies and enemies will act at the same time.",&amp;quot;Your Dollsteak is in another castle&amp;quot;. Straight from the maths paper of the British bedroom programming scene into your imagination. Serial &amp;quot;fever dreamers&amp;quot; and curio/avant garde masters Railslavegames return with the prequel to //NPPD RUSH// The milk of ultra violet.,Journey deep into the heart of an ancient realm of myth and legend in this epic interactive virtual reality adventure series.,Stratus: Battle for the sky is a fast paced RTS game set in a fantasy world of warring priests seeking to gain favor of the fickle Gods.,"Leadwerks Game Launcher lets you play a variety of creative, experimental, and wacky mini-games made with Leadwerks Game Engine. Fly a spaceship through an asteroid field, play a round of golf, or ride a lawn mower while dodging killer cows. It's free and there's a constant supply of new things to try.","Do you know what happens after check-in? Do you think our luggage is safe in the conveyor belts of the airport? Now you can discover the truth! Crazy Belts is a casual puzzle game that tells the amazing story of our bags, and why they end up in distant countries when we leave them in the belts...",Kalymn Nox is the Albino Hunter; even his pretentious and slightly racist title can keep him from waking up broke after a night of drinking.,"In a society where having the last word means having power over others, a small party is disrupted by a gentleman who politely issues orders via one-way intercom.","Kalymn Nox is the Albino Hunter. But not even his pretentious, and slightly racist, title can keep him from waking up broke after a night of drinking.",Stop a tyrant consuming the world's resources.,"The hero of the game, Minhyuk, loses his father in an accident in his childhood. He spends his adolescence in guilt, while his siblings jump into a family feud over the inheritance.One day, an unexpected blackout takes place in the mansion, and Minhyuk has to overcome the strange and often fatal incidents to find out the truth behind.",Original Soundtrack to Hektor. Composed by Shaun Chasin.,Leo’s Fortune is an award-winning platform adventure game where you hunt down the cunning and mysterious thief that stole your gold. Beautifully hand-crafted levels bring the story of Leo to life in this epic adventure.,"Piper’s second generation PA-36 Pawnee Brave is one of the manufacturer’s most popular agricultural aircraft, brought to Microsoft Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition by Alabeo. Introduced in 1973, more than 900 Pawnee Brave aircraft were built by Piper, with a number of versions being built until 1981.","Piper's PA-38 Tomahawk is a single-engine, two-seat aircraft with a low-wing configuration. It was built from 1978 until 1982 for general aviation users. Originally designed for use as a trainer, it is also used for recreational and cross-country flying.",Davy Jones' gold has been lying at the bottom of the sea for years... ... it's time to bring it to the surface!,"Bikes from the most popular motorcycle manufacturers, thrilling races, and a round-the-world journey: this is the explosive mix that combines to create the RIDE videogame!","Puzzle Expedition is unique puzzle game which focuses on the cooperation of two characters, Anna and Ben, who help each other to get out of the labyrinth. Help them to succeed in their quest!",Make the most of a terrible situation. See things no one was meant to see. Survive - barely.,"You are Deputy Dangle and today you're getting deputized. Everything is going great until the elusive criminal, known only as GMA, decides to crash the party. Within minutes of becoming a deputy you're now hot on the trail of Dangleton's most infamous criminal.","Climb aboard your umiaq (sealskin canoe) with Nuna and Fox and take to the waters of Northwest Alaska in Never Alone: Foxtales, the first expansion to 2014’s award-winning indie hit Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna).","In Drizzlepath you are set on a journey to the top of the Mountain of Fire. It aims to be an atmospheric, relaxed and enigmatic experience. Downloadable soundtrack included.","Investigate the causes of the disaster that devastated Earth and ride through the post-apocalyptic universe of Trials Fusion in the sixth DLC pack  &amp;quot;After The Incident&amp;quot;. This pack includes the following: - 10 new tracks including 8 classic tracks, one new “Skill game” track &amp;amp; one new FMX track - 24 new track challenges -...","Space Run Galaxy is the sequel to Space Run, the game from one-man studio Passtech, which seduced hundreds of thousands of players with its dynamic and original gameplay. By twisting the tower-defense game style, Space Run offered an addictive real-time spaceship construction strategy experience.","Centauri Sector is a top down tactical space combat game powered by a dynamic turn based campaign, rpg elements, fleet management and ground base combat.","Grab your bike and hit the rails in FutureGrind, a stylish stunt-racer all about tricks, skill, and speed. Use your futuristic motorcycle to do crazy combos on tracks made of floating rails, but be careful: If you touch the wrong rail you'll explode!",The official soundtrack for Finding Teddy 2.,Albino Lullaby is a horror adventure game that doesn't rely on jump scares or gore. Escape from a surreal psychological nightmare as the world dynamically twists and contorts around you.,Turn-based historical simulation strategy. Develop the Greek civilization from the small village to the great city-state when it will dominate the world!,"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt Expansion Pass secures your access to two epic adventures set in the vibrant world of monster hunter Geralt of Rivia. Collectively offering 30 hours of new content, gear and foes--all crafted with maximum attention to detail and quality.",NovamarinesCrimson FistsAngels of RedemptionFlesh Tearers,"In Piloteer, a whimsical and serenely challenging physics-based game about learning to fly, a renowned inventor is determined to overcome the stigma associated with flying a jetpack and convince the world that jetpacks should be revered by all.","Pixel Puzzles 2: Space is a traditional style jigsaw puzzle game in a universal style, each piece uniquely shaped like no physical puzzle could be.","Welcome to Age of Empires II HD: The African Kingdoms; the second new official expansion for the Age of Empires II universe in over 16 years. Challenge friends with four additional civilizations, new units, ships and technologies.","Age of Mythology comes to China! A new expansion to the legendary RTS brings tons of new content, including a new civilization (with fully voiceacted campaign), new maps, and 12 new gods drawn from the robust Chinese pantheon!","Home is Where One Starts... is a short, first-person exploration game in the same vein as Dear Esther or Gone Home. It’s a story about childhood, hope, and the miracle of memory. You play as a little girl from a broken home somewhere in the American South.",Dungeon Warfare is a challenging tower defense strategy game where you become a dungeon lord to defend your dungeons with deadliest of traps and insidious contraptions against greedy adventurers and wanna-be heroes.,"As a wanna-be hero, you must rescue a city held hostage by an evil wizard, and somehow find money to pay your rent! A 240,000-word interactive novel.","As a wanna-be hero, you must rescue a city held hostage by an evil wizard, and somehow find money to pay your rent! A 240,000-word interactive novel.","Sheltered is a deep and emotional survival management game. You take on the role of protecting four family members who, after a global apocalypse, have found their way to a deserted shelter.","Beyond Eyes is a modern fairy tale about finding courage and friendship. Step by step, uncover an incredible world, carefully guiding Rae, a young blind girl, on a life changing journey.",Commander Cool 2 is a four player local coop retro-styled adventure that is destined to be one of coolest game in 2015!,"Equipped with a tool box full of gears, belts, and electric wires, you build and repair crazy contraptions. Each machine you fix brings you closer to becoming a true Machineer, and prepares you for your next challenge: the Vehicle Workshop, where you can design, drive, and refine your own car!","In Fuego, you and an opponent create a tangled Mexican standoff one animal-bandito at a time. And when everyone’s got their mark, the bullets fly. You shoot a bank, you get the gold. You shoot a bandito, you steal the gold. Just make sure that when the dust settles, your gang walks away with the bigger haul.","Help Boxy escape its factory and survive the outside world by mastering its 6 transformations: Rocket, Steel, Bubble, Spikes, Vapor and Fire. More than a hundred levels of increasing difficulty will put your skills, reflexes and cunning to the test. Die, retry, perfect your run and dominate the competitive leaderboards.",This DLC include Premium airplane and othersPre. Airplane &amp;quot;[A6M5] Sakai Saburo Zero&amp;quot;Pre. Upgrade Kit x 20100 HIS$Love Potion x 10Decal; Japan [W]*Only one chance to buy one DLC per an account.*It is not eligible to buy the same item in game once DLC purchase has been made.,This DLC include Premium airplane and othersPremium Airplane &amp;quot;[A6M5] Sakai Saburo Zero&amp;quot;*Only one chance to buy one DLC per an account.*It is not eligible to buy the same item in game once DLC purchase has been made.*Items earned from DLC purchase is provided through gift box.,This DLC include Premium airplane and others[Avatar] Eagle Ho 229Pre. Upgrade Kit x 20100 HIS$Love Potion x 10Decal; Germany [W]*Only one chance to buy one DLC per an account.*It is not eligible to buy the same item in game once DLC purchase has been made.*Items earned from DLC purchase is provided through gift box.,This DLC include Avatar and othersXF5U Bikini Avatar (for fighter)Pre. Upgrade Kit x 20100 HIS$Love Potion x 10Decal; U.S.A [W]*Only one chance to buy one DLC per an account.*It is not eligible to buy the same item in game once DLC purchase has been made.*Items earned from DLC purchase is provided through gift box.,HIS - [F4U] Berta Hildebrand Pack,Heroes of scene is a multiplayer strategy game with an indirect control. You are in charge of the Kingdom of live toys. Build your own castle and summon toy warriors and spells to win!,"Start with a boost! Contains $20 of Gems, 30 Days of Boosted-Experience and End-Of-Game Rewards, 4 Exclusive Skins, an Exclusive Account Icon, 1,080 Elixer, and 3,000 Seals!","Warning! The game is not recommended for people with an unhealthy state of mind, nervous disorders or heart disease. Experience The Emptiness and discover a psychological adventure game unlike anything you've ever seen before!","Tile Rider is a single-player game where you control a small car, which is equipped with a weapon and a magnet gadget. Navigate each level of the virtual world from start to finish solving puzzles and outsmarting enemies.","You are a time traveller tasked with exploring the Jurassic era and the creatures that once ruled the prehistoric oceans. Use an array of advanced tech tools to track, examine, and discover the scientific secrets of mosasaurs, livyatans, and megalodons, among others!","Long heralded as the &amp;quot;lost episode&amp;quot; of classic platformer Commander Keen, Keen Dreams sees Billy Blaze confront his greatest nightmare: the vegetables he didn't eat for dinner. This classic DOS game has been updated to run on modern systems, with new Steam achievements and leaderboards.","What do alien abductions, a depressed town, and a purple tapir named Pentagruel have in common? Can a bumbling gumshoe make his stolen candy theory stick? Find out with the &amp;quot;Sherlock Gnome&amp;quot; of detectives, Tony Tough, and a hilarious cast of characters as he cracks the case on the most adventurous and comical night of his life!",Embark upon a musical journey that takes you straight into the heart of Sengoku era!,"Tyler Warren is back with part 1 of his re-imagined default RPG Maker VX Ace batters. This pack features 50 battlers, including 17 Tyler Warren original characters and 33 RTP-matching battlers.Tyler’s delightful and unique style has been applied to the monsters from the default Run-Time Package (RTP), matching all 32 monsters from the...",Frontier Works: Horror Interior Tiles is an incredible new pack containing modern tiles that will find the perfect place in many horror games.,Guide a flock of birds on a playful journey across the sky.,"Stalingrad is a real-time strategy title that places gamers in the middle of the most dramatic periods of World War II, covering major events from June 1942 till January 1943.","Cuban Missile Crisis is a real-time strategy game combined with a global turn-based tactical mode, thrusting gamers into a world ravaged by the military-political confrontation between the USA and USSR in 1962.",Desert Law is a new spin on the traditional real-time strategy that immerses players into a post-apocalyptic world where gasoline is the new world currency.,"Ice Crusade is a stand-alone expansion for post-apocalyptic real time strategy Cuban Missile Crisis. Ice Crusade continues the original story and adds new campaigns, battlegrounds and units.","“METAL SLUG”, the pinnacle of 2D action-shooting on NEOGEO returns in a brand new strategy game on Steam!","If you love football as much as we do, you live and breathe it. Start managing your favourite club in a matter of minutes. Play in 48 leagues from 36 countries around the world and choose from over 800 clubs. Lead living legends to victory in this fast-paced, action-packed single-player game.","Explore the cosmos as a comet, orbiting planets with a realistic gravity system and a backdrop of procedurally generated nebulae. Learn to use planetary gravity to your advantage, and relax in the ambience of space.","The Slaughter is a noir point-and-click adventure set in Victorian London, laced with adult themes and dark humour. Follow the trail of a killer through atmospheric London locations and surreal dream worlds, meeting a cast of interesting, insane and eccentrically British characters along the way.","Thumper is rhythm violence: classic rhythm-action, blistering speed, and brutal physicality. You are a space beetle. Brave the hellish void and confront a maniacal giant head from the future.","Interloper is an online multiplayer real-time strategy game with matches that take only 5 minutes. Instead of destroying your opponent, you win by claiming domain. By predicting your opponent's movements, you corner them to claim the entire map.",Explore a vast and detailed world and build a Transportation Empire!,"Follow the story of a young boy, Cantus as he meets Maris, the mysterious girl by the sea - an experience that will change his life forever.","Drive!Drive!Drive! is a racing game unlike any other, where players must drive their cars to victory across multiple tracks at the same time.","Lead the great armies of the Star Wars™ Episode II: Attack of the Clones saga in intense real-time strategy clashes. Enter the fray as the Galactic Empire, Rebel Alliance, Wookies, Trade Federation, Gungans or Royal Naboo to determine the course of the Galactic Civil War.","Soccer Rage is a sport/action game that features: a hybrid engine of soccer and fighting. This game has a dynamic and fast paced soccer gameplay. There are no red cards, no off-sides, no outside balls, no substitutions, brutal fouls are allowed along with fighting.","Imagine waking up on a small dock with no recollection of who you are or how you got there. The first person you find is a grumpy, old man who enlists you to work on his ferry boat which seems to have materialized behind you.","Madeleine Valois is a prince's companion. It is her responsibility to keep him out of trouble - not to let him walk blindly into a political minefield, not to let him get arrested for a crime he didn't commit, and definitely not to let him fall in love with her...",Aerannis is a mission-based stealth action game set in a world of conspiracy and full of action and assassinations.,"Become a game designer by creating your own levels using all the game elements, abilities &amp;amp; monsters from Chip's Challenge 1 &amp;amp; 2.","Death's Gambit is a challenging Action-RPG where you explore an alien medieval planet filled with beasts, knights, and horrors. As an agent of Death, bound to his service, banish your fears and endure the struggle that lies at the heart of Leydia.","Can you survive 1000 rooms of cute terror? Or will you break once the cuteness starts to fade off and you're running for your life from the unspeakable hideous beings that shake and writhe in bowels of this house? They wait for you, they wait and hunger for meeting you.",Band of Drones keeps the basic mechanics of traditional turn based squad tactics gameplay and goes beyond it with character and weapons development.,A girl aided by her trusty shovel embarks on a riddling quest to find a missing princess. Girls Make Games 2014 Grand Prize Winner!,Experience zero gravity flight from the astronaut helmet perspective in this unique flight simulator. Ever wanted to know what it would be like to be an astronaut? Now you can find out.,"Our custom soundtrack, created and produced by Maxo. Contains 5 full tracks used in the game!","You command destructive ships to obliterate thousands of enemies, while weaving through intricate networks of invasive machine-organisms! Combining classic fast-paced shoot 'em up action with quick-thinking tactics of puzzlers, you must carefully match the right pieces to fly out of danger!","In the Empire of the Petal Throne™, will you find glory, or a knife in your back? A world where South American, Middle Eastern, and Indian cultures collide!","In the Empire of the Petal Throne™, will you find glory, or a knife in your back? A world where South American, Middle Eastern, and Indian cultures collide!",GCM2 is fierce arena combat with an RPG job system for 1-4 local players. Battle to the top of the class tree and get massively powered-up!,Devoured Time is an RPG that takes place in world ravaged by creatures from strange rifts. You choose from a male or female who’s recently arrived from a teleportation platform with no memory of who you are or where you came from. To learn who you are you must first figure out a way to return to where you came from.,Eron is a 2D platform game that allows the player to actively switch between two parallel realms. The player will have to depend upon this power to finish each level.,"ONE MORE LINE is a highly addictive, one button, space disco, skill timing game! Steam edition features 2-4 player local multi-player and no advertising. All for a very low price! Can you put a price on fun though?","&amp;quot;Battle Fantasia&amp;quot;, the fantasy RPG themed 2D Fighting game is now appearing on Steam, and &amp;quot;REVISED&amp;quot; with the latest balances and improved visual effects! Comes with FREE Soundtrack DLC!","MAGIX Music Maker Hip Hop Edition 6 lets you create tracks that reflect your own style. Use a wide range of samples, breaks and loops to build amazing beats.","RAAS Professional (Runway Awareness and Advisory System), from FS2Crew, models the aural 'smart landing' and 'smart runway' calls included in the real-world RAAS unit.These calls offer improved situational awareness for pilots in an effort to help reduce the risk of runway incursions and accidents by providing aural alerts during taxi,...","Welcome to the MASSIVE soundtrack to the breakout indie game hit, STARWHAL! Taste the briny astro mammals as though their blubbery neon hides were wrestling inside your ears.","Destroy the colossal mothership looming over the planet and save your homeworld! With a fleet of high-tech starfighters at your disposal, take on a series of suicidal missions to destroy the alien invader from the inside.","In this classic inspired Tower Defense Bullet Hell Shooter, security bots have revolted and you, the sole surviving pilot, are all that stands between the colonies and defeat. Upgrade your ship, weapons and turrets whilst facing a plethora of enemies and colossal bosses. Why did the drones turn?","The full soundtrack for Out There: Ω Edition featuring 23 tracks by award-winning composer Siddhartha Barnhoorn (Antichamber, The Stanlye Parable).","UBERMOSH is an arcade game about cutting bullets with a sword, in a gun-filled cyberpunk mosh pit.","A detailed 83-page strategy guide for Millennium 3 - Cry Wolf! Includes a complete walkthrough with maps, plus sidequests, animal kings and all secret rooms!","A detailed 95-page strategy guide for Millennium 4 - Beyond Sunset! Includes a complete walkthrough with maps, plus sidequests, animal kings and all secret rooms!","A detailed 159-page strategy guide for Millennium 5 - The Battle of the Millennium! Includes a complete walkthrough with maps, plus sidequests, animal kings, showdown strategies and all secret rooms!","A detailed 83-page strategy guide for Millennium - Take Me Higher! Includes a complete walkthrough with maps, plus sidequests!","Big Action Mega Fight! is a classic single player beat 'em up/brawler with a modern twist! Hilarious 2D cartoon combat inspired by Streets of Rage, Final Fight, Turtles in Time and Battletoads. Blast your way through levels filled with luscious art and unforgettable enemies. How fast can you SMASH?","Blade Kitten: Dirty Angels 1, Dirty Justice and the Blade Kitten: Extomato Bonus art book, of unpublished comic pages and art.","Blade Kitten: Soundtrack and RemixesThis pack contains the Blade Kitten: Original Game Soundtrack - 29 tracks from the awesome soundtrack to BOTH Episode 1 and 2; as well as the Blade Kitten Remixes - a companion album of 12 tracks of remixes, to celebrate the release of Blade Kitten Episode 2.","An ally turned enemy, Singleton’s journey remains a mystery to his former companions. This 3 mission, Grey Goo mini-campaign follows the events of Singleton immediately following the explosion at the Terminal, and reveals the true motivations behind the overwhelming Goo force.","Marvel and Capcom join forces to deliver the most frenetic 3 vs 3 tag battles ever with Ultimate Marvel VS Capcom 3. This release comes fully loaded, including all previous DLC, Marvel VS. Capcom : Official Complete Works.","500 Years is an old school episodic space opera with non-traditional combat controls. The game is an adventure where you explore different star systems and meet the inhabitants, some friendly, and some not so friendly.",Includes a copy of Three Fourth Home's soundtrack and a 235-page book with art and commentary from the developer.,"Sproggiwood is a story-driven roguelike that chronicles the savage rise of the Cloghead civilization and its conflict with the rival Mushroom people. Confusion, mischief, mystery, joy, wonder, and sadness are spun to life by composer Brandon Tanner's beautiful, 10-track original soundtrack.","Feel the love and romance in this cozy little town!Inspired by some of the sweet romantic movies, this pack is filled with details you'll need to create the perfect &amp;quot;love&amp;quot; town. Whether your heroes are looking for a lovely spot to stay, or need a spot to declare their hidden feelings of love, you'll want Valentine Tiles at the...",From PVGames comes an exciting new pack centered around the wild west and the enigmatic Steampunk universe. Wild Steam is a modular set which offers a large variety of pieces that can be used again and again to create completely unique visuals.,Saddle up and get ready to ride with enough music to load a pair of six-shooters!The Wild West Variety Pack by composer Joel Steudler will keep you on the dusty trail from the saloon to the prairie and on to the frontier where danger and duels await... and it won't even cost you a fistful of dollars.,"Inspired by Stephen King’s book - “The Dark Tower”, Alter World is a 2D platformer with interesting gameplay mechanics. Player can pass on an alternative universe anytime and use an alternative realms to move to another level. Levels are unique, with puzzles. player will have to react quickly and assess when to move between the Worlds.",Red Lake - horror shooter with elements of quest.,"Do you like puzzles, fruit and the notion of crossing a snake with a bird for no good reason? If the answer to at least one of those questions is yes, then Snakebird might be the game for you. Solve your way through this headscratcher of a puzzle game and help the snakebirds sate their hunger.","Turn based 4X strategy game, recreating the civilizations of ancient China. Develop your land, build great cities, raise huge armies and fight epic battles, with hundreds of soldiers fighting right on the game map. Advance your technologies, culture and religion to create one of mankind’s biggest empires.","The base-building/FPS game where the aim is to make money, and invest it in defenses, traps, and other security measures to protect the rest of your stash. Take on other players' bases to make more money! NOTE: THIS GAME IS IN EARLY ACCESS - ONLY BUY IF PREPARED FOR BUGS, WIPES AND OTHER ISSUES.","S.B.T.F. is a very hard arcade-style / rogue-like / perma-death first person shooter. You play as Marines who must brave dark, claustrophobic and terrifyingly intense Space Beast infested spacecraft in order to extract critical data and lucrative upgrades. Can you make it out alive?","Forget everything you’ve learned about combat. Cobalt’s slo-mo mechanic lets you perform moves that other games can’t comprehend. Discover the secrets of a distant colony in a cosmic campaign, take on challenges and rule the leaderboards, or face off against others in local and online multiplayer.","Avert the Cataclysmic Return of Tiamat in this Adventure for the World’s Greatest Roleplaying Game. The Cult of the Dragon leads the charge in an unholy crusade to bring Tiamat back to the Realms, and the situation grows more perilous for good people with each passing moment.","Endless Legend Guardians is the first expansion to the critically acclaimed 4X turn-based strategy game from AMPLITUDE Studios. Unleash the mighty Guardian units, complete Legendary Deeds, build wonders, and compete with other Empires for supremacy!","Return NULL, a Point &amp;amp; Click Adventure, is set in a distant dystopian society under an oppressive force where you play the role of Jack Drebin; husband and soon to be father whose life is on the verge of chaos. Episode 1 sets up key characters and a plot that escalates into an intense finale.",A disgruntled gamer/internet celebrity must overcome his phobia of the worst video game in the world to save his fans.,"The discovery of life on Mars places a robotic expedition and a manned mission in a race to the Red Planet. On the way we discover that love - biological, spiritual, and even mechanical - can flourish in all kinds of ways.",The story of how the video game industry came to life.,The Original Soundtrack to A Pixel Story written and produced by Yuki Kurihara &amp;quot;Bitamin&amp;quot;.,Relax in the ambience of space.,"GameLoading: Rise of the Indies is a feature documentary exploring the world of indie game developers – their craft, their games, their dreams, and how they have forever changed the landscape of games culture.","Featuring some of Football Manager’s creators and famous fans from the worlds of football and entertainment, 'An Alternative Reality: The Football Manager Documentary' examines the game’s enduring appeal and how it has seeped into and influenced the culture of the world’s favourite game.","Frozen Free Fall: Snowball Fight is an epic matching puzzle game now featuring 375 challenging levels, a local multiplayer mode, stunning HD graphics and more.",A sci-fi point and click with more humour than sense.,Rumble Fighter is a free-to-play fighting MMO game with real mixed martial arts and fast-paced beat-em-up action! Brawl with your friends and train to become the top Rumble Fighter!,Draw a line. A single line. How complex can that be?,"Project Explore is a new survival game. You will have to deal with tough situations, starting with starvation and rapidly increasing insanity. There will be lots of new upcoming features and changes.","Build beautifully precise or wildly creative furniture! Decorate an entire house with your creations. 4 players can play locally, or invite an online player to help you build!","Put your skills to the test and challenge yourself in this new breed of platformer. Refine your mechanics, earn the ranks, then post them against the community on the Steam Leaderboards.","A wise-cracking space marine, an ice cold sniper, a homicidal robot and a chainsaw-wielding aristocrat travel back in time to save Earth from destruction in a co-op roguelike planet-crawler. Now with online multiplayer.",American History Lux is a DLC expansion campaign that takes you through the wars that have shaped American History.,"Ancient Empires Lux takes you through all the great early civilizations of mankind. Ancient Egypt, India, China, Greece, Rome, and more are yours for the taking.","Can you beat the beat? Journey as a green LED mysteriously trapped inside a dying boombox and play the ultimate musical experience. In this rhythmic platform adventure where your every action needs to be right on the beat, bring electro, dub and disco music back to life!",Requires Oculus Rift DK1 / DK2 headset. The checkered flag is about to drop on a new Virtual Reality racing game! Get in the drivers’ seat and experience racing like never before.,"Seven virgins will be sacrified unless you help them! Just to clarify, your help is only needed to avoid the sacrifice, solving their virginity problem is a bit more complicated as you will discover. FMV adventure inspired in classic adventure games. Solving puzzles usually unlocks a videoclip that reveals the plot.",Men of War: Assault Squad 2 - Airborne is the second DLC for AS2. It comes with a set of new features and additional singleplayer content. Fight as airborne commander behind enemy lines and support allied landing operations. The success of these operations will depend solely on you!,"The District - action with elements of survival in the open world. You will have to look for weapons, to produce supplies, shelter from the weather and to get used to the conditions of a new life.",Defend Your Life! Is tower defense set in human body where players are fighting against villain hordes of viruses and bacteria. Levels and units correspond to reality of human anatomy.,"The Games of Glory - &amp;quot;Star&amp;quot; package includes all present and future Clones (champions), in one huge, massive package! On top of this you also get enough in-game currency to deck them out with a mix of hats and skins. Buy Games of Glory - &amp;quot;Star&amp;quot; and you will always have the right character available!","Original soundtrack of Please, Don't Touch Anything.","The forces of evil have invaded the land. A labyrinth of evil has appeared in the kingdom and legions of monsters are pouring out of its vile depths. The king has called upon a small party of heroes, the Champions of Virtue, to vanquish the demon within and free the land from a grim fate!","This casual action horror shooter takes players through eerie farmlands and creepy cemeteries in two tense campaigns. A lone survivor of the apocalypse needs to overcome endless waves of walking zombies, skeletons and other creatures of the night.",Vortex Attack is a frenetic arcade space shooter featuring worldwide tournaments and an intense local multiplayer mode.A worthy successor to Galaga for the XXI century.WARNING: Highly addictive.,Claw your way through the abyss of the mind and survive the horrors that stalk you as you attempt to survive seven days as... an Indie Developer.,"QuestEvent is a Adventure RPG. You will have a world to explore, practice different Skills and doing Quests. The graphics of the game are Pokémon likely. But the Content is based on several huge MMORPG's.","What if fighter-pilot movies had a love child with alien invasion blockbusters from the ’90s? You’d no doubt get Final Strike, an edge-of-your-seat F-16 jet fighter simulator that puts you against an airborne invasion of alien invaders.",R.O.O.T.S is a real-time strategy game that pits the player against colorful yet invasive enemies that must be overtaken before the player themselves is uprooted! Warfare has never been so beautifully unorthodox.,"A deep indie strategy RPG with destructible battlefields; the ability to build bridges, traps, and barricades; the ability to shove enemies off cliffs and into lava; and full-fledged mod support.","The Hole Story soundtrack is full of fun and adventure! The OST was composed by Catherine Grealish, award-winning film, games and media composer based in Los Angeles. Track List: 1. The Hole Story Theme 2. Everyday Wendy 3. World Medieval 4. Wilderness Exploration 5. Bandits! 6. The Throne Room 7. Sir Unicorny-Corn 8.","The Curse of the Nordic Cove is a game, by gamers, for gamers. There are familiar elements of gameplay for all gaming fans from First Person Shooter, Sports, Puzzle-Solving, to Driving, Strategic Shooting and Stealth and Dungeon Crawling.","Flamberge is a tactics RPG featuring free movement and simultaneous turns. Players plan out their moves like football plays, then execute them at the same time.","This expansion for Infested Planet gives you several new ways to fight the bugs. Whether it's throwing cluster bombs into the alien swarms or calling in an airdrop, the power is at your fingertips. The aliens also get new toys, so brace yourself for new opposition.",Another Star is a console-style RPG with a fast-paced battle system and a world that encourages players to explore and discover hidden areas as they lead their party on a journey across a fantasy world.,"Care for a miniature ecosystem in a strange world, exert limited influence to encourage the growth of different fungi and bugs and try to maintain the balance of life.","No Turning Back is an indie pixel art randomly generated action rogue-like developed by a new indie developer with tons of player classes, spells, weapons, armour and unlocks!","Lord of the Dark Castle is a casual turn-based retro style roguelike dungeon crawler with elements of strategy. Randomized levels, lots of skills without dependencies and lots of spells to cast. Challenging Monster AI - play it smart or die. Remember: Death is Permanent!","Curious Expedition is a roguelike expedition simulation set in the late 19th century. Together with famous personalities you will venture on unprecedented expeditions to regions never explored before for fame, science and treasures.","Nevada wasn't satisfied with finding the elusive pharaoh's tomb in his first adventure. After months of searching and studying ancient maps, Nevada has stumbled upon the location of a tremendous Viking treasure cave. Join our intrepid hero as he heads for the Arctic in this stunning and chilling new adventure series!","You are Snake Logan, a top CIA operative who likes to do things his own way. Metro City has fallen under the attack of hideous mutants and your mission is to fly recon over the city and report back. While circling over the city you're shot down by hostile forces and forced to crash land on the streets of Metro.","Wolfenstein 3D took you into the past, thrusting you into a world at war. Blake rockets you into the future where a sinister madman, using genetics to create an army of bizarre creatures, is waging war on Earth. Blake has more of everything!","A bone-chilling crisis has struck the world! Reports are pouring in from all corners of the globe: Missing numbers! Drivers on streets are in dangerous peril because the speed limit signs have gone blank! On Wall Street, stockbrokers are throwing up their hands in despair. The Dow Jones isn't down, and it isn't up - it's gone!","Johnny Dash's bash 'em and smash 'em adventure takes him into the evil Under World of Count Chuck. The story starts when Johnny's dog Tex is kidnapped by the Count, along with hundreds of other pet dogs and cats.","As Baron Baldric, you’re charged with keeping the peace for the common folk of the land. But when the grand Lazarine Towers are overcome by dark forces, you must wield your magical staff and set out to make things right. A love and affable character, Baldric will win your heart with his mannerisms and charm.",Journey into an Aztec pyramid and survive the adventure of a lifetime! No other game forces you to die in order to complete it! That's just one of many incredible plot twists in this excellent puzzle-oriented arcade-adventure game. Guide Alabama Smith (Al) into a vast and dangerous Aztec pyramid.,"When astronauts sent to explore mysterious structures on the surface of Mars disappear, NASA sends you to investiagte. Collect incredible articfacts and fight deadly alien creatures as you wander through the Red Planet's unexplained wonders to solve ancient mysterys.","What's green with red spots, has suction hands, and has an overbite like Bart Simpson? Of course, the answer is Cosmo! Cosmo is a young alien on his way to visit Disney World with his parents. That is, until their ship is struck by a blazing comet, forcing them to land on an uncharted planet.","Enter an underground world of treasures and traps in Crystal Caves, a colorful EGA game that rivals any commercial game with its arcade quality, puzzles and graphics. As Mylo Steamwitz, enter cave after cave of adventure, gathering teasures and evading countless hazards.",You start out from the bottom of the ranking list. Your objective: earn money in the blitzkrieg-battle races. Fight hard for each precious championship point. Fellow competitors are showering you in a constant hail of bullets. Each race is deadly contest - a matter of life or death.,"Starring hero &amp;quot;Halloween Harry&amp;quot;, Alien Carnage is an impressive game with no detail overlooked. Professional musical soundtrack, brilliant full-VGA graphics, non-stop animation and huge start-game and end-game cinematics. If Duke Nukem has a twin separated at birth, it's got to be Halloween Harry!","Terexin, leader of the Council of Wizards, is sending the young sorcerer, Hocus, on a special mission to prove his worthiness.","In the not-so-distant future, the calamity of World War III led to eventual world peace. But, it didn't last. Earth was invaded by alien marauders - the Kretons. Earth's united military force, still depleted after the mighty onslaught of WWIII, was not nearly sufficient to repel the numerous Kreton attacks.","It's the 22nd century: Galactic travel is commonplace, peace is at hand, and the future looks bright - until Goldfire's plan to unleash an army of military mutants shocks the galaxy. Dr. Goldfire, a brilliant bio-scientist whose morbid research led to incredible genetic improvements in humanoids and aliens, has gone power crazy.","Realms of Chaos is an exciting side-scrolling platform game with an innovative mix of action, adventure, mysticism, and role-playing that's never been seen in this style of game. Set in the fantastic world of Mysteria, Realms of Chaos is the first of many adventures of Endrick and Elandra, a brother and sister duo who find themselves on...","Pharaoh's Tomb is an arcade-adventure game set in a huge Egyptian pyramid. Explore 20 uniquely-dangerous levels riddled with ingenious puzzles and traps. You start with five lives and a few spears, which can he thrown at offending denizens that patrol the pyramid.","Word Rescue is an incredible adventure for kids who want to rescue all the stolen words from the mean ol' Gruzzles. The Gruzzles can't read, and they don't want anyone else to read. So, they've stolen the words out of all of our books! Benny Bookworm needs your help to stop the Gruzzles.","You are agent 006 - top agent of the government's secret organization committed to protecting the world against terrorists and power-mad criminals. Your mission: to parachute into a high -security island outpost and secure the plans to the ultimate satellite laser weapon, which was recently stolen from the government.","Become a mercenary of the future and pilot the super-tech Raptor. Embark on interplanetary missions to knock off top competitors of MegaCorp, battle against hordes of relentless enemies and spend the bounty to expand your devastating arsenal, which can be upgraded with 14 hardcore weapons!","In the far future, armadas from surrounding systems have suddenly waged war on Earth, destroying crucial installations and major cities - Earth is quickly brought to its knees. You are a pilot from the Ares Squadron, flying the fastest, most dangerous crafts ever made. You pilot the TV-202, a fighter few can handle.","Nothing beats the excitement of playing against friends. In Wacky Wheels, you can do just that. Play with a friend in split-screen mode, play head-to-head using a modem connection or play via serial (null-modem) cable. Race against challenging computer opponents with adjustable difficulty settings.","In the far distant future, an epic war for survival takes place... Deep within the Andromeda galaxy, the people of Zile grow restless and greedy. The Zilions secretly prepare for a massive strike against the nearby planet Ytima. Fearing such an attack, the Ytimians train an elite squad of &amp;quot;Stargunners.","Lo Wang. Master ninja assassin for 20 years. A Shadow Warrior. Shadow Warriors are the best of the best, and Lo Wang was the best of the Shadow warriors. Every top company in Japan had a Shadow Warrior... a protector, a negotiator, a cleaner.","You are part of an elite group of operatives called HUNT (High-risk United Nations Taskforce), and you must stop a maniac cult leader from killing millions of people. While scouting a remote island, you are suddenly surrounded by enemy troops with guns blaring.","Xenophage is a fighting game in the same genre as Mortal Kombat. This game features scrolling arenas that also zoom in and out, depending on how far apart the fighters are from each other. This is a unique feature in fighting games. The fighters all come from unique alien planets, so they look very cool and unusual.","In Dark Ages, you’re the Prince of the Great Kingdom, who as a child watched the King – your father – die at the hands of Garth, a power mad warlord with uncanny magical abilities. Garth sent you away from the Great Kingdom to be raised as a peasant, and to never fulfill your destiny as the future King. But Garth made a terrible mistake.","Talisman: The Horus Heresy is a digital board game based on the Talisman rule system and set in the Warhammer 40,000 universe, during the cataclysmic events of the Horus Heresy.","The Talos Principle: Road to Gehenna follows the narrative of Uriel, Elohim's messenger, as he explores a strange, hidden part of the simulation on a mission of mercy and redemption in an attempt to free the souls of the damned at all costs.","Drip Drip is a casual strategy game with RTS inspired controls for the PC where the player is an elite drip collector and manages the Disaster Response Team. With a team of tools and water collecting and building fixing skills, travel across the USA and visit 24 exciting cities on your mission to ensure the safety of each building from...","Exowar is a 2D, top-down shooter, set in close future. As a cybernetically enhanced soldier you will have to face guards and aliens on your way to finding the truth.","Gryphon Knight Epic is a 2D Medieval Shoot’em up that mixes elements from classical shoot’em ups, exploration and duel-like boss battles, it tells the story of Sir Oliver and Aquila, an accomplished knight and his loyal gryphon that are forced back to adventure once again.",Build your very unique bridges and other constructions in a physics based 3d environment,"An all-powerful alien race has conquered the Earth, and you work for them. As Violet, a psychic agent who can read emotions, you must solve crimes in order to discover the truth that could potentially save, or destroy, the human race.","A re-imagined soundtrack for Crimzon Clover, featuring 26 tracks in-game and 35 total tracks in lossless audio format. Long live the shmups!","In Luckslinger, luck is measurable, collectable and usable whenever you please. On one half it’s inspired by the unrealistically fast gunslingers, the dark gritty humor and the greed driven anti-heroes of the spaghetti western classics. On the other half ..","Good Robot is a fast-paced roguelike shoot-em-up that pits you against thousands of robots out to violate your warranty. Explore a procedurally generated sci-fi metropolis and the depths of corporate depravity, but never stop shooting...unless, of course, you're a Bad Robot. You're not, are you?","ZombieRun is a retro platformer with the aim to bring sexy back to local multiplayer gaming. It's you, your friends and guns against all the living dead roaming around. If that's not enough there are also apples, carrots and superpowers in play.","Includes the amazing Dead Synchronicity Original Soundtrack in MP3 format with music by indie rock band Kovalski, featuring 20 dark and atmospheric tracks.",The official Orbital Gear soundtrack composed by Johan Kalén is now available for purchase. With over 30 minutes of adrenaline pumping tunes!,Download the Shiftlings Demo now to control two adorably dim-witted space janitors on their quirky quest to repair the galaxy!,Escape the destruction of your city with just one button! The game that popularized the infinite runner genre is back with two-player mode and new challenges.,"The Special Edition of Dyscourse includes the 77-song soundtrack (yes, 77 unique songs!), the digital art-book of the making of Dyscourse, a Dyscourse wallpaper, and the Dyscourse development documentary video.",A teenaged girl and the vindictive ghost that's possessing her deal with cosmic mysteries and interpersonal struggles in this character-driven narrative-focused horror adventure.,"Switch Galaxy Ultra is an insanely addictive, fast-paced arcade challenge. Weave your way past obstacles and enemies as you travel across the galaxy collecting Tantalum for Dakur Technology. It’s loaded with content and features that will have you blazing across the galaxy at breakneck speeds.","Hunter Gatherer is a top down adventure in which you are found, lost in the woods, by a forest spirit. He has a passion for cooking and will point you in the direction of your home town if you help him find some ingredients.","Why We Ride (2013) - PG - 89min - Directed by Bryan H. Carroll, and Produced by James Walker and Bryan H. Carroll with Kenny Roberts, Mert Lawwill, Troy Lee and Arlen Ness. This documentary film captures the passion of motorcycle riding, and shows the camaraderie of friends and families who ride together.",A polished top down action shooter set in a digital like world with upgradable mechs.,"Just Get Through is a fast, randomly generated platformer with roguelike elements. Featuring a destructible environment, a sandbox mode, user-created custom levels, color palletes, deadly traps, explosions and much more. This is a demo of the game.",The full original soundtrack for The Music Machine.,"Lock and Load! It's time to Kick Ass. Grab your machine-gun, flamethrower, rocket launcher and grenades. Assault the enemy base and free commandos to join your team while you destroy everything in sight. Make your way through enemy bunkers to rescue your comrades, and kill everyone else you encounter!","TAKEN is a suspenseful, horror survival game where you find yourself trapped in a mysterious hedge maze that changes shape, size, and complexity every time you play. Not only must you find your way out, you must do it without being detected. Find the key and get the heck out of there!","This DLC contains the full original soundtrack from Automation: The Car Company Tycoon Game, comprising three songs per decade from the 1940s right through to the 2010s.","Rituals is a 3D puzzle-exploration-adventure about the relation between civilisation and nature. It aims to be a gripping, memorable and meaningful experience with story told through gameplay and interaction.",Take on the racing world in an attempt to knock off motocross and ATV riders in over 50 technical supercross and rugged outdoor tracks.,Lethis - Path of Progress is a city-builder in a victorian steampunk setting.,"Tundel has three evils – fools, roads and the mayor, who hides a UFO from the public. You are a successful journalist of a famous magazine. The Editor in Chief sends you to the town of Tundel on a mission to write about the mysterious incident. In order to complete the mission you'll need all your patience, wits and communication skills.","Prepare to go on a fantastic journey which will take you from damp prehistoric forests, to the sultry deserts of ancient Egypt, to dirty Wild West saloons, and luxurious medieval castles! Green Moon is a Hidden Object game like no other, combining science with magic and reality with mysticism.",A brutal mix between dungeon-crawler and shoot-em up. The dungeon will learn from you and become more dangerous every-time you play!,Death Pirate is a new mix of shoot'em up and RPG with a gripping story and an original soundtrack. Fly through the city of South Town to unravel the mystery of the Death Pirate. The game features 7 playable characters and 26 unique stages.,"Evoland 2 is an unique RPG, with its graphic style and gameplay changing as you progress through a deep storyline based on time travel.","Take control of your own starship in a cutthroat galaxy. Elite Dangerous brings gaming’s original open world adventure into the modern generation with a connected galaxy, evolving narrative and the entirety of the Milky Way re-created at its full galactic proportions.",Pixel Puzzles Mosaics is a nontraditional puzzle game.,"Defunct is an indie adventure game with a focus on flow, speed and an engaging world. You are a broken robot that accidentally falls out of a giant cargo ship onto a post-human Earth, now inhabited by robots. You have to get back to your ship before it’s too late!",Pirate's Life is a 2D strategy game / city builder with an isometric camera where you take on the role of the captain of a crew of pirates that got shipwrecked on a deserted island. You will need to take care of your crews' individual needs (like hunger and drunkeness) in order to prevent a mutiny.,"You awaken to find your memories gone. To learn the truth behind your amnesia, you’ll choose from five romantic paths, each its own world. With 20+ endings, can you write the lasting love story you deserve, or will your love and life come to an end?","Why Am I Dead At Sea is an adventure game where you solve the mystery of your own murder. As a ghost, you will have to possess people and use them to investigate your surroundings. But in this place no one is who they seem...and everyone has a secret.","(Comedy/Sci-Fi) After a failed TV set leads to a failed suicide attempt, depressed and reclusive Ian Folivor (Adrian DiGiovanni) begins taking life advice from The Mold (Jeffrey Combs) a fungal growth in his filthy bathroom.",The Epic Time Travel Adventure Begins! The origin of the acclaimed Journeyman Project series.,"The horribly toxic Swamp King has risen once again! Gather your party and set out on an open world, retro-styled, RPG adventure. Powerful mystical artifacts are scattered about the world, each able to grant you new powers. Which will you choose? What is your destiny?","In Space We Brawl is a frantic couch twin-stick shooter. Get ready for the excitement of pure local multiplayer matches for up to 4 players, including teams. Choose from more than 150 combinations of weapons and ships and conquer maps full of obstacles such as asteroids and black holes!","I,Gladiator Soundtracks is the official soundtracks which include a collection of 9 amazing tracks, that you can find in the game. One of the pieces that makes the atmosphere of gladiatorial battles so real is our collection of game music, written by talented belorussian composer Yury Semko.",The DLC contains legendary Kolhid sword and big bag of gold that you can use on the arena. But it`s not the main purpose.Support us!By purchasing the DLC you`ll support our indie studio and make us believe that in the world of big publisher studios we are still able to make AAA games on our own.,FREE! - Includes 7 suspenseful tracks from Zombie Kill of the Week - Reborn Soundtrack plus bonus wallpaper!,Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege is the upcoming installment of the acclaimed first-person shooter franchise developed by the renowned Ubisoft Montreal studio.,Re-live a dark and haunting tale in this fixed camera puzzle-horror game RE-miniscent of the first generation of survival horror games.,"Refresh your Quiplash game with 125 brand-new, laugh-inducing prompts! Contains a bakers’ dozen of user-submitted prompts from our Kickstarter contributors! Don’t own just SOME of the available Quiplash content… own it all!","Uncanny Valley is a survival horror game that includes a mix of exploration, puzzle solving and a bit of action with a lot of optional story content. We're trying to preserve the old survival horror kind of gameplay instead of following the modern trend of creating a third person shooter with horror elements.","As you journey to the seemingly placid surroundings of a Greek courtyard or the secret gardens of Tihuanica, beware - things are not as they seem. This supernatural action adventure is sure to pique your obsession with horror and espionage.","Command four space vessels and a band of revolutionary pirates into an all-consuming battle against impossible odds, because there just isn't enough Space for everyone!","Beam aboard the USS Enterprise to join Captain Kirk and his intrepid crew in this classic adventure game. Eight original missions, each styled as episodes of an imagined fourth season of Star Trek: the Original Series, featuring the voice talents of the original actors!",The heroes are back! This is the direct sequel to the 16-bit style RPG hit &amp;quot;Vagrant Hearts&amp;quot;! Find out what happens to Scarllet and her friends in this exciting adventure full of twists and epicness.,"An amazing soundtrack by Jonathan Geer created for Cook, Serve, Delicious!","You can now experience even more exciting gaming with the first official expansion for Construction Simulator 2015! This DLC includes the Liebherr 150 EC-B Litronic flat top crane with a concrete bucket, a new trailer, and three new missions.","The second expansion for Construction Simulator 2015 promises even more fun on the building site! The new LIEBHERR machine, the rotary drilling rig LB28, adds a completely new functionality to your virtual motor pool. The DLC 2 also includes a new heavy transport trailer for the new machine and two new missions.","In response to regular requests from our gaming community, we have integrated bridge building into the fourth expansion for the popular building sim Construction Simulator 2015. Furthermore, we have included two new machines for your motor pool: the imposing Liebherr crawler crane LR1300 and a heavy transport trailer to transport it.",COPA PETROBRAS DE MARCAS is a 100% free official game simulating the thrill of competing wheel-to-wheel with models from various automakers in some of the main Brazilian race tracks.,"Evil magician holds the Hare imprisoned. Your quest is to save him! Join the fabulous adventure in perfect mix of hidden object, puzzle and room escape genres!","Shift Happens is a cooperative platformer for two. You and a friend shift your mass, throw each other and puzzle your way through four stages of stylized imaginary worlds. Including the occasional backstabbing and taunting. Play with a friend on a couch, online or even special singleplayer levels.","StormSiege is a free Single-Player expansion for the Massively-Multiplayer Online Turn-Based Strategy game March of War. It contains three missions, released sequentially. Currently, only the first mission, Beachhead, is available. The remaining two will be released in the coming weeks.","Featuring nine fully original, completely remastered tracks from the incomparable Christopher Hoag (House MD, Concursion), The Weaponographist Original Soundtrack is designed to get your bootay movin’.","Van Helsing, monster hunter will face the most difficult trials of his life as he is trying to destroy his nemesis. The civil war is over in Borgovia, but the future still looks grim. The city of weird science is in ruins and a strange cult prophesises the coming of the end times.","Highlands is a hand-drawn turn-based strategy game with unique characters, resource management and RPG elements where the focus is directed toward decision-making.","Choice Chamber is a real-time, crowdsourced, procedurally generated game where your fate is in everyone else's hands.","An action platformer featuring upgradable weapons/armor, over 8 stages, custom characters and much more! Jump'n Shoot your way to victory!","Steam demo version of Alpha.0 Features 3 stages, character creation and several pieces of...",Fight horrific enemies and utilize powerful spell fusions to overcome the cruel fate of mages and see the light of freedom.,"ILYA Muromets content pack tells the story of the biggest plane of early years of flight - Russian transport/bomber Sikorsky S-22 named 'ILYA Muromets' as a legendary, immensely strong warrior of Russian folklore. It also includes the first Russian fighter Sikorsky S-16 and Central Powers fighter Albatros D.III.","This is a heavily extended version of one of the most famous roguelike games of the 80’s named LARN. Your choice is to find a magic elixier for your daughters recovery. Therefore you have to explore a lot of unknown caves, filled with monsters, demons and traps. Good luck! You may need it!",Take on the role of 'MINER #4268' - a genetically engineered mining unit. Decimate asteroids in spectacular fashion to prove your worth to the empire. Smash your expectations and be rewarded with your freedom!,"Few aircraft define ‘stick and rudder’ flying more faithfully and distinctly than the Piper Cub. Aeroncas, Taylorcrafts, Stinsons, Luscombes and Cessnas are but refinements and alternatives to this flying legend.","In Dungeons &amp;amp; Dragons, a class is the primary definition of what your character can do. In this module, you get all twelve core classes converted for play in Fantasy Grounds. You get the class description, special features, spells and abilities used by your class and general character customization options such as equipment and feats.","*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Class PackEvery character needs a background, some equipment and a weapon. Inside this pack, you will find information useful to all characters, no matter which class you choose to pursue. Combine this base pack with one or more class packs and head off for adventure.",*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Class PackPush your foes back with powerful strikes and a relentless rage. Pair this class pack with the D&amp;amp;D 5E PC Customization Pack and start adventuring right away.,"*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Class PackBoost the morale of your allies and provide whatever your party needs most as a jack-of-all-trades. Wield your weapons and your music instruments with equal skill and flourish. With your bard's supporting magic, there is no foe you won't be able to overcome or avoid.",*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Class PackBecome a priestly champion who wields divine magic in service of a higher power.Players purchasing this module can use it to create characters offline and bring those characters into games with any Dungeon Master (DM).,"*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Class Pack A druid is a priest of the Old Faith, wielding the powers of nature--moonlight and plant growth, fire and lightning--and adopting animal forms.","*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Class PackFighters are masters of martial combat, skilled with a variety of weapons and armor.Players purchasing this module can use it to create characters offline and bring those characters into games with any Dungeon Master (DM).","*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Class PackThe monk... a master of martial arts, harnessing the power of the body in pursuit of physical and spiritual perfection.Players purchasing this module can use it to create characters offline and bring those characters into games with any Dungeon Master (DM).",*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Class PackA paladin is a holy warrior bound to a sacred oath.Players purchasing this module can use it to create characters offline and bring those characters into games with any Dungeon Master (DM).,*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Class PackA rogue is a scoundrel who uses stealth and trickery to overcome obstacles and enemies.Players purchasing this module can use it to create characters offline and bring those characters into games with any Dungeon Master (DM).,*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Class PackPlay a ranger and control a warrior who uses martial prowess and nature magic to combat threats on the edges of civilization.Players purchasing this module can use it to create characters offline and bring those characters into games with any Dungeon Master (DM).,*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Class PackSorcerers are spellcasters who draw on inherent magic received as a gift or by bloodline.Players purchasing this module can use it to create characters offline and bring those characters into games with any Dungeon Master (DM).,"*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Class Pack As a warlock, your character is a wielder of magic that is derived from a bargain with an extraplanar enemy. Players purchasing this module can use it to create characters offline and bring those characters into games with any Dungeon Master (DM).",*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Class PackWizards appear as scholarly magic-users capable of manipulating the structures of reality.Players purchasing this module can use it to create characters offline and bring those characters into games with any Dungeon Master (DM).,"Lost Mine of Phandelver is an adventure for four to five characters of 1st level. During the course of the adventure, the characters will advance to 5th level. The adventure is set a short distance from the city of Neverwinter in the Sword Coast region of the Forgotten Realms setting.",The entire collection of core monsters from the D&amp;amp;D Monster Manual is now at your fingertips. Dungeon Masters purchasing this module can use it to create encounters and combats within their campaigns. NPC records have been lovingly entered and organized for ease of use and reference during play.,*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Core Monster PackThe entire collection of aberration monsters from the D&amp;amp;D Monster Manual is now at your fingertips.Dungeon Masters purchasing this module can use it to create encounters and combats within their campaigns.,Soundtrack from the game Uncanny Valley.,"Driven by community suggestion, 505 Games and EKO Software introduce you to a new single player 3rd person view experience that allows you to re-play the zombie crafting adventure &amp;quot;How to Survive&amp;quot; from a deeply immersive point of view.","Dead or Alive? Make up your mind, stranger. We don’t like that undead business here in Louisiana…Survive solo or with friends as you look to fulfill your basic needs of food, water and shelter, crafting your own tools and weapons while you secure your camp and face flesh hungry zombies.","Start Strife with a bang! With $5 of Gems, 3 Days of Boosted-Experience and End-Of-Game Rewards, 1,080 Elixer, and 3,000 Seals!","Test your dinosaur jump-jet skills with a game that redefines the platformer genre, aptly renaming it &amp;quot;platflyer.&amp;quot; Simply put, you're a t-rex with rocket boots trying to save earth from an incoming asteroid. Do you have what it takes to stop it?","King’s Quest - Rubble Without A Cause is the second of five chapters in the new, critically acclaimed reimagining of the classic King’s Quest game series. In this latest adventure, King Graham takes players back to his first test as ruler of Daventry.","King’s Quest - Once Upon a Climb is the third chapter in the new, critically-acclaimed reimagining of the classic King’s Quest game series. In his latest adventure, King Graham recounts his most personal tale yet.","This is a feature length documentary filmed between 2009 - 2012 in the USA and in Copenhagen. A cluster of developers was invited to contribute to discussion on their digital games designs. Games include: JOURNEY by thatgamecompany and works by Jason Rohrer, Alexander Bruce, Die Gute Fabrik and Zack Gage.","Soundtrack for J.U.L.I.A.: Among the Stars, 65 pages long Hintbook and as a bonus 50 levels long game J.U.L.I.A.","In this simulation, Just Flight has captured the Spitfire as it was in perhaps the most important phase of its development - the early years of WWII. We begin with the Prototype as it was rolled out of the factory and first flown at Eastleigh in 1936, and end with the Mk1A ‘standard’ production Spitfire which fought alongside that other...","Zola arrives in River City where an attempt to simplify repairs has left the citizens depressed and without a creative spark, while a mysterious saboteur makes trouble. Can you find out how to help the people of River City?","This mind-bending game will challenge you to create complex structures to get your woodland creatures over vast chasms. In a bridge-builder first, you'll guide your creatures and construct your bridges in real time. Use the weight of various creatures to balance your structures as you build them.",A four races sci-fi base building real time strategy game set on the dark side of an unknown planet where the valuable &amp;quot;green ice&amp;quot; resource can be found.,Lead survivors out of 20 different complex mazes while quarantining or curing the infected in this fun puzzle game that's sure to test every ounce of your mental skills. Get close and personal by playing not only from above in 2D but also in 3D as you scour every inch of the maze for the best possible route.,*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Core Monster PackThe entire collection of beast monsters from the D&amp;amp;D Monster Manual is now at your fingertips.Dungeon Masters purchasing this module can use it to create encounters and combats within their campaigns.,*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Core Monster PackThe entire collection of fey &amp;amp; giant monsters from the D&amp;amp;D Monster Manual is now at your fingertips.Dungeon Masters purchasing this module can use it to create encounters and combats within their campaigns.,*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Core Monster PackThe entire collection of construct &amp;amp; elemental monsters from the D&amp;amp;D Monster Manual is now at your fingertips.Dungeon Masters purchasing this module can use it to create encounters and combats within their campaigns.,*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Core Monster PackThe entire collection of dragons from the D&amp;amp;D Monster Manual is now at your fingertips.Dungeon Masters purchasing this module can use it to create encounters and combats within their campaigns.,*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Core Monster PackThe entire collection of core monsters from the D&amp;amp;D Monster Manual is now at your fingertips.Dungeon Masters purchasing this module can use it to create encounters and combats within their campaigns.,*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Core Monster PackThe entire collection of humanoid monsters from the D&amp;amp;D Monster Manual is now at your fingertips.Dungeon Masters purchasing this module can use it to create encounters and combats within their campaigns.,*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Core Monster PackThe entire collection of monstrosities from the D&amp;amp;D Monster Manual is now at your fingertips.Dungeon Masters purchasing this module can use it to create encounters and combats within their campaigns.,"*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Core Monster PackThe entire collection of ooze, plant and swarm monsters from the D&amp;amp;D Monster Manual is now at your fingertips.Dungeon Masters purchasing this module can use it to create encounters and combats within their campaigns.",*This product is included in the D&amp;amp;D Complete Core Monster PackThe entire collection of undead monsters from the D&amp;amp;D Monster Manual is now at your fingertips.Dungeon Masters purchasing this module can use it to create encounters and combats within their campaigns.,"Kiai Resonance is a 2D versus fighting game for Windows. You take part in multiplayer samurai combats where one hit off-guard is fatal, and several challenges to perfect your skills.",Snake Cubed: A classic game re-imagined in 3D!,"Take the role of Captain in this Space Survival Simulation as you explore a massive star system in search of a new home for humanity. Outfit your ship, hand pick your crew and set off on a journey through an open-world where you must scavenge resources, shelter civilians and outrun a hostile alien force.","Hypt is an action arcade game set in a dynamic world of villainous viruses. Turn the deadly digital infections against themselves and break free of the labyrinth that is Hypt! Featuring 120 immersive levels, Hypt will keep you entertained for hours.","WE ARE DOOMED is a twin-stick shooter where you zap polygon baddies with an absurdly overpowered laserbeam. Dive head-first into the action with reckless ambition, charge the SUPERBEAM, and zap everything out of existence in an instant.","Being able to control fate would be a blessing for many. To Miyon, it is her greatest curse. East and West Taria are in conflict, and Miyon's power will be the most valuable weapon. Meanwhile, Gai has been sold by his family into Miyon's temple. Will the two save or destroy one another?","Being able to control fate would be a blessing for many. To Miyon, it is her greatest curse. East and West Taria are in conflict, and Miyon's power will be the most valuable weapon. Meanwhile, Gai has been sold by his family into Miyon's temple. Will the two save or destroy one another?",Terrorize humanity with your UFO because you're an alien and what else are you going to do?,"Once Bitten Twice Dead is a new MMO first-person shooter, set in an open world with a serious zombie problem! Fight the undead with and chat to a maximum of 100 other players simultaneously - players can join and play games across almost any platform.","99 Waves to Die is a twin stick arcade shooter, inspired by the arcade games, and 8-bit home consoles &amp;amp; computers of the 1980's.","Enter a world of magic and battle, where your wits and reflexes will be pushed to their limits! Choose your spells, enter the ever-changing arena and prepare to obliterate all who stand in your way!",Accompany Hercules in his quest for the Cretan Bull!,"Help Megara free the hero and then accompany him in all of his adventures, including the forest of the Amazons and Mount Olympus in 12 Labours of Hercules III: Girl Power!","Drone Zero Gravity is a dark yet strikingly colorful space adventure that will test your skills. Navigate intricate cave systems, dodge enemy fire and take out as many enemy drones along the way. Throughout your journey energy is important, so stay charged or it’s game over.","Soda Star is a competitive, single player puzzle experience where players square off for the best scores and flawless sorting by controlling multiple switch controls.","Collectible cards come to life in this tactics and CCG hybrid! Collect cards, build decks, and challenge players head to head on a Tactical Game Board. Play as Vikings, Pirates, Ninjas and more!",Downwell is a curious game about a young person venturing down a well in search of untold treasures with only his Gunboots to protect him.,Beautiful space shooter with addictive hurricane gameplay and tons of fun! Do not let the enemy destroy your space station - they are many and they are very angry... Make your own epic space battle and winning strategy!,"Great sound quality. Minimal effort. MAGIX Audio Cleaning Lab 2016 contains an impressive array of 1-click solutions, first-class presets and tools for recording, editing, cutting and converting audio files.","The new Serious DLC replaces the godlike voice of Elohim with completely NEW, rewritten and humorous Serious Sam narrative, recorded by longtime voice actor John J. Dick. It also includes a new Serious Sam player model.","Yooka-Laylee is an all-new open-world platformer from genre veterans Playtonic! Explore huge, beautiful worlds, meet an unforgettable cast of characters and horde a vault-load of collectibles as buddy-duo Yooka and Laylee embark on an epic adventure to thwart corporate creep Capital B!","A long-forgotten species, a hostile planet and a journey of discovery! Welcome to the world of Lumini – split and reform your swarm, evolve and discover new abilities to bring the Lumini back to their former glory...","Logical game, where you have to connect all the light bulbs to the power supply.","Ultimate Tic-Tac-Toe takes the classic game of Tic-Tac-Toe and adds a strategic layer to it. Game modes: classic, classic forget, ultimate, ultimate forget, ultimate forget total.",&amp;quot;The Lost Valley&amp;quot; is a small game where you will play as a cyclist who will get in an accident. The protagonist finds himself in a great valley called &amp;quot;The Lost Valley&amp;quot;. The bicycle is broken as a result of cliff falling and the protagonist has to move further on foot.,"Take part of history’s greatest battle of Green VS. Tan. Fight amongst and against others online. Jump, shoot and roll your way into victory with fast paced objective based gameplay. Sometimes the greatest battles are fought by the smallest of soldiers.",A true first person shooter deserves all six degrees of freedom. Fight through twisting tunnels &amp;amp; vast caverns where the concepts of up and down mean nothing and danger lurks around every corner. This is Descent: Underground!,"The sequel to the Heaven Forest series. While the first game was about the meaning of life, this new one is about its opposite: what is the meaning of death? Since we are sentient beings who know that sooner or later we will die, do our efforts in the everyday life have a meaning at all?","“Pop the bubbles to the music, to paint the perfect picture!” Ongaku is a uniquely addictive side-scrolling 2D rhythm action game with the infusion of original music and stylised artwork.","Experience LUXOR in stunning HD! Answer the call of the goddess, Isis, in this addictive marble-shooter game. Chains of colored spheres are working their way through ancient Egypt, and it’s up to you to stop them before they reach the pyramids.","Four nerds walk into a dungeon. It’s not a joke, it’s Doom &amp;amp; Destiny Advanced.","Note: This is a Chinese radio drama, no subtitles.[\b]You can first enter the store page listen about.&amp;quot;The Rainy Port Keelung Radio CD&amp;quot; is Erotes Studio's first radio CD. The album contains three audio dramas. They are &amp;quot;Fifty years through time and space&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;I heard the man&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Tea party&amp;quot;.","You are a mine worker, stuck deep in an underground cave system. All you have are your hi-tech mining tools. In order to get out of the caves, you will have to shape the dynamic environment to your advantage. You can also create force fields for different purposes.","Prometheus - The Fire Thief is an action adventure game set in ancient Greece. As the player you assume control of the titan Prometheus. After stealing the fire from the Gods of mount Olympus, Prometheus must travel all across Greece and outside its borders, battling hideous monsters.","Take on the invading hordes of the Nethermists as The Crusader and fight, think, and strategize to clear the monster infested, randomly created, dungeons in this card, board, and turn-based rogue-like.","Steamalot is a medieval steampunk tactical card game. As a player you build a deck of characters, skills, and equipment. During a game players play characters onto a battlefield. Then those characters maneuver around the field in turn based combat.","Step into the amazing world of Sparkle – a surreal ocean, where life is thriving and conditions are perfect to make an evolutionary leap.",Experience the extraordinary lives of coast guard officer Finn Asdair and his crew in COAST GUARD. Take on responsibility under the motto &amp;quot;Honor - Respect - Duty&amp;quot; and pursue dangerous criminals on the wide open sea.,"Zombie Survival Pack DLC for AGFPRO is the latest release in our product suite. This asset pack contains over 70 custom items to be used in Zombie, Horror and Survivor FPS or other modern themed games. The assets are interactive to support game play in AGFPRO and Zombie FPS, each item has been created with a low poly count with quality...","Following his debut UK tour, and a sold out run at Edinburgh Fringe Festival, Tony Jameson brings his critically acclaimed stand up show, 'Football Manager Ruined My Life' to Steam.",Super Daryl Deluxe is a 2D comedy action-RPG that follows an orange headband- and bellbottom- wearing adolescent who is forced to spend the height of his awkward teenage years in a new school that has been taken over by evil self-help authors.,"Space just got a whole lot stranger. In this first person physics platformer, you manipulate objects in your environment and ride platforms while dodging asteroids, giant Monolithics, saw blades and other things that want to hurt you.","Drill for oil like it's 1899! Turmoil offers players a visually charming, tongue-in-cheek take on the simulation genre inspired by the 19th century oil rush in North America.",Catch a fresh breeze for OMSI 2: Chicago is the third largest city of the U.S. and delivers an unique scenario with completely new vehicles and scenery objects. Welcome to &amp;quot;Windy City&amp;quot; at Lake Michigan!,"From the wreck of an old Spanish Galleon, El Magdalena, comes the Legendary Hammerhead! This war-torn Great Hammerhead was bruised, battered, skewered, and splintered in the midst of a naval battle over 300 years ago.","Modeled after stolen French Corsair weaponry discovered in the wreck of an old Spanish Galleon, El Magdalena. The Corsair weapon skins shimmer and shine with their gold plating and faux ivory finish.","Modeled after stolen French Corsair weaponry discovered in the wreck of an old Spanish Galleon, El Magdalena. The Corsair weapon skins shimmer and shine with their gold plating and faux ivory finish.","Modeled after stolen French Corsair weaponry discovered in the wreck of an old Spanish Galleon, El Magdalena. The Corsair weapon skins shimmer and shine with their gold plating and faux ivory finish.",Classic strategy game from 2003. Run your own casino in the 1970s. It's classy. It's glitzy. It's all yours. Take a gamble. Start small with a slot machine or two. Employ some staff. People will be talking about your place from coast to coast. Includes The Management Expansion Pack.,Mutate your body to fit your gameplay and survive alone or with your friends in the exotic fungi-covered world of Shrooms.,Fight with grappling hooks in this party brawler for one to four players. Play as a treasure hunting cat or a land swimming shark as you swing around the stage taking out your opponents.,"The walk home from school today is going to be a lot spookier than usual… Your sleepy neighborhood’s been overrun by monsters! Werewolves prowl the woods, Gnomes roam underfoot, and scarecrows walk at midnight. But these aren’t ordinary monsters—they’re R.L.",World War I is a real-time strategy based on the modified version of the well-known Blitzkrieg engine.,Are you Smarter Than a 5th Grader? demonstrates exactly how much adults have forgotten since their elementary school days. Art? Math? Social Studies? It's all up on the chalkboard again as adult contestants team up with students to answer questions based on material from elementary school textbooks.,A game of aerospace industry and interplanetary exploration.,"The Little Crane is back! And it brought its friends to play in the dirt. Driving and operating heavy machinery is a blast! Test your operating skills in this simulator game with a diverse set of challenges. Use the crane to load an unload, the bulldozer to shape the terrain, and an excavator to dig up the terrain.",A Jurassic-sized OST featuring ALL of the music from Primal Carnage and Primal Carnage: Extinction!,“KOF Pack” Vol.1 Fan favorite KOF characters. are included in this “Vol.1” Pack.,Soundtrack: Full original soundtrack from Niko Through the Dream.,"Add-on for World of Cinema - Movie Tycoon. Making real movies with sound and animation! Please note that filming calls various skills, but also creativity!",This add-on includes the Legion Of Chaos deck and 9 Chaos avatars.,This add-on includes the Brotherhood Of Order deck and 9 Order avatars.,This add-on includes the Pirates Of Tortuga deck and 9 Pirates avatars.,Cradle is a sci-fi first-person-view quest designed for the player to explore the surrounding world. The story is built around the relations of the protagonist and a mechanical girl who by quirk of fate found themselves amidst the desert.,"The evil Broccoli, irritated by the fact that kids hate vegetables and love ice creams, has created an army of vegetables to destroy the flavor galaxy. Only the Ice Cream Surfer with the help of his 4 super tasty friends can prevent that.","Momentum-driven old school platformer with modern graphics &amp;amp; physics with a focus on exploration. Offers precision and on later levels a lot of speed. Each world brings new abilities &amp;amp; gameplay. As Luna wakes up, she has no idea where she is, and is alone except... Help her discover this strange world!","Modify geometry and experience a gaming genre that is truly unique, different, beautiful and serene all in one.",404Sight is a free game made in support of net neutrality. It’s a 3D playground runner influenced by parkour running with the addition of a special ping ability that reveals areas that can speed the player up or slow them down.,A neutral family fights for its business - and its survival - and is swept up in the struggle against the encroaching Empire. You must defy the strong-arm tactics of a rival family who will stop at nothing to destroy your trading company.,"Knight &amp;amp; Damsel is a two-player &amp;quot;uncooperative&amp;quot; multiplayer game set on a papercraft stage that subverts the age-old tale of knights saving damsels, with the knight and damsel competing to rescue the other!","Real-time against real pilots; this is Star Wars space combat as it was meant to be! Featuring challenging real-time dogfights of 2 to 8 players, Star Wars™: X-Wing vs. TIE Fighter is one of the most historically significant space combat simulators ever made.","PLEASE PURCHASE TREE OF LIFE ONLY IF YOU WANT TO SUPPORT IT. Tree of Life is under development now, which also means it’s not a perfect game. Therefore, there might be a serious bug in the system, or it might be changed dramatically. Tree of Life will be improved continuously.",Work on one of the most popular european Youngtimers.,"in Space is a procedural sidescrolling shooter that values precision and strategy over reflex or memorization. Fight through tons of enemies in three different modes, unlock new ships and new weapons. Become the best at shooting two dimensional shapes!","In Total Modification DLC you will have unique sandbox mode for all of you, which want to have some unlimited fun and not bothering about game money. Also all cars from this DLC will have unique modifications, which you cannot do yourself in game. Similar to modding, but it will not break your game saves or replace standard cars.","Craving for 4x4's? This time we prepared something for all lovers of big cars - brand new cars with 4x4 drive, new parts and tuning kits.","New package of cars, parts and possibilities for all car maniacs! Buy classic oldtimers, renovate them and sell with profit or keep in your collection of cars.","New package with racing track, new cars, parts and possibilities for all car maniacs!","The gates to another world will open soon! You can stop the impending disaster, but to do so at all costs to return the stolen stamps! Vanessa is the only heiress of Abraham Van Helsinga, a member of the secret order of light guarding the peace of our world.","Explore a France of swashbuckling action, powerful magic, daring deeds, courtly intrigue, witty repartee, and vile monsters! The characters are France’s bravest and proudest defenders, the King’s Musketeers. Pitted against them is a plethora of corrupt nobles, black magicians, fell demons, and twisted secret societies.","Depth Hunter 2: Treasure Hunter offers 4 new amazing locations. You will get new equipment - liftbags that will help you lift objects underwater. Your character will be able to find a sunken helicopter, collect more new amazing treasures and finally solve the quest of the Kraken!","A dynamic real-time strategy, tells about the hot battles that could happen in the near future on the eastern borders of Russia.","Slip on your overalls, grab your seed bag, and round up your four-legged friends for more frenzied fun as you rebuild your farm in the wake of a hurricane! Harvest a crop of Time Management thrills in Farm Frenzy: Hurricane Season!","To save his beloved, a ruler must take up arms and pursue his adversary across three magical realms. With adventure to spare, an inspiring story of destiny, and gameplay that will hold you in a grip of excitement, MOAI 2: Path to Another World is an instant classic!","Rebuild a devastated land, save your people from peril, and face off against an array of bizarre enemies in Weather Lord: The Successor's Path, a captivating time management epic! Play clever and play quick, and victory will be yours!","The Road to Revolution is a complete conversion of the 320 pages campaign designed for use with the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game. Set in the Great City, this epic campaign takes characters from their humble beginnings, all the way to powerful adventurers upon whose actions the City will come to depend.","When a young woman is forced to lead a mad king's army, can she do what it takes to survive? A genre-defying fantasy visual novel.","Will you solve the mystery of the abandoned enchanted castle and its mysterious resident? Seek for the clues in its ancient underground, seek for the portals to different worlds. Seek for the truth.","Crazy Steam Bros is a classical horizontal shoot'em up inspired by the gameplay of old arcades. Anton and Dupont are brothers, inventors, and a little mad also! With the help of their landlady, Miss Lily, they must defeat the evil Baron and their hordes of moustached soldiers.",A First Person Shooter Gun Ballet set in a cutesy abstract world. Jump and shoot your way through five worlds full of treacherous enemies with your trusty semi-automatic!,"Metal Reaper Online is based on gun shooting battle's MMORPG.With post apocalyptic background, merging military shooting contents and MMORPG to give various contents and better accessibility.Game material and control are very similar with FPS, and serve comfortable contents.",Siralim is a deep RPG with light roguelike elements that allows you to summon and customize hundreds of creatures to fight in strategic battle. Fight your way through randomly generated dungeons and complete randomized quests.,"The Hero Generations Collector's Edition includes the game, the full original soundtrack by composer Andrew Riley, and a 36-page PDF Art Book.",You have met a new deadly enemy on your way. Where did these monsters come from and what do they want? Does it matter if all they want is to kill you? Your gun can give you all the answers you need!,"The soundtrack for H-Hour: World's Elite was composed in the tradition of SOCOM 2 musical style, with a dash of Modern Warfare 3 and Gears of War 3 sound. It was performed with a live orchestra, choir, and modern percussion arrangements.",Vampires vs Werewolves vs Hunters... Guess which group you're playing with? Find out in this exciting 16-bit style RPG full of twists and colorful characters!,A whole new side to the Ashes of Immortality saga! Defeat your enemies and complete sidequests in this compelling 16-bit saga inspired by Final Fantasy and Dragon Quest.,"The final episode in the Ashes of Immortality saga! Find out what happens to Orlok and Simona, heroes of the series, in this enthralling 16-bit style RPG full of colorful characters.",Sydney's World is a family-friendly JRPG. Game focus is on the intersecting story arcs of a young girl seeking her father and a king in search of redemption.,"5 actions. 2 minutes. Impossible odds, and many, many ways to die. There really is nothing quite like The Living Dungeon. Up to 9 players can take part in a battle of wits, luck and skulduggery, Or delve into a 30 hour story campaign and try to guide our hero's to freedom.","The Dungeon Masters have a new favourite sport: Dungeon League takes everything that is awesome about dungeon crawling and spews it out as ten minutes of chaotic, multiplayer, party-game action.","A custom theme derived in the same style as the Player's HandbookRandom tables for rolling background bonds, flaws, ideals, origins, etc.Equipment tables containing items that can be dragged to character sheets, treasure parcels or NPCs for ease of reference, encumbrance calculations and ease of disbursement.","Hektor’s demo features the game’s entire first level, which includes the procedurally generated corridors that set Hektor apart from other titles in its genre.",Boss Monster is a dungeon-building game based on the boardgame of the same name.,"The Pure Pool Snooker pack features a full career mode for all difficulty levels; Amateur, Pro and Master, two new snooker challenge modes and specific trophies, achievements and snooker accolades.",Battle head to head with up to 8 players (cooperatively or versus) or test your skill against waves of ever amassing enemies.,"Push Me Pull You is an award-winning local multiplayer game about friendship and wrestling. Joined at the waist, you and your partner share a long, wriggling body as you wrestle your opponents for control of the ball.",Regimental Chess is a battle game where large armies of chess pieces move and capture in mass formations. Up to 372 pieces in a single battle.,"Help renowned explorer and adventurer Adam Venture and his accomplice Evelyn discover artifacts, unravel ancient mysteries, decipher strange symbols and solve ingenious puzzles around gorgeous historical sites from the 1920's.",Tile Rider - Soundtrack: Includes all of the game's music in high quality MP3 format.,"Music from WE ARE DOOMED. Listen to glitchy synths and sampled vocals as you experience the strikingly beautiful visual world of wave after wave of bright polygonal adversaries, or challenge the punishing endless mode.","Explore, fight, survive and unravel mysteries in this unique and unforgiving 3D isometric RPG set in an original dark, low fantasy world. Exanima's exceptional attention to detail and realistic simulation of all things aim to provide a deeply immersive and dynamic gameplay experience.",“Regular Army Pack” Vol.1 Units belonging to the Regular Army are included in this “Vol.1” Pack.,Morden Army Pack” Vol.1 Units belonging to Morden’s Army are included in this “Vol.1” Pack.,“Morden Army Pack” Vol.2 Units belonging to Morden’s Army are included in this “Vol.2” Pack.,“Ptolemaic Army Pack” Vol.1 Units belonging to the Ptolemaic Army are included in this “Vol.1” Pack.,“Alien Army Pack” Vol.1 Units belonging to the Martians are included in this “Vol.1” Pack.,“Nonpartisan Army Pack” Vol.1 Units with no affiliation to any Army are included in this “Vol.1” Pack.,“Regular Army Pack” Vol.2 Units belonging to the Regular Army are included in this “Vol.2” Pack.,“Ptolemaic Army Pack” Vol.2 Units belonging to the Ptolemaic Army are included in this “Vol.2” Pack.,Morden Army Pack” Vol.3 Units belonging to Morden’s Army are included in this “Vol.3” Pack.,High On Racing is an unique Retro Arcade Style Tactical Racing Game that will warp you into the sky to race against the time.,"Construct and design buildings for optimal working conditions. Hire people to design and release software, so you can defeat the simulated competition and take over their businesses. Manage and educate your employees to make sure they are skilled and satisfied with their job.",The Game is inspired by Stephen King’s book - “The Dark Tower”. The game is a 2D platformer with a interesting gameplay mechanic. Player can pass on an alternative universe anytime and use an alternative universe reality to move to another level.,"Digital Deluxe includes number of lifetime bonuses (additional exp, credits, rewards and others), decent amount of gold for use in premium-shop, pack of 24-hours boosters and 2 unique customizations. Digital Deluxe is the perfect purchase for the comfortable playing experience in Warside.","Collector’s edition includes number of lifetime bonuses (additional exp, credits, rewards and others), a lot of gold for use in premium-shop, 3 packs of boosters of different duration, 3 unique customizations, digital soundtrack and digital artbook.","Blue Rose is an interactive ‘visual novel’, following the viewpoint of the female knight Lena as she enters an unknown world deep in the mountains. Lena is a Templar of the Blue Rose, living her life to fight and protect her home and country. But what is truly important to her is only just about to reveal itself.","Fran Bow is a creepy adventure game that tells the story of Fran, a young girl struggling with a mental disorder and an unfair destiny.",The full soundtrack for the game The Next Penelope.,fault - milestone two side:above is a Cinematic Visual Novel that takes place right after the events of milestone one. Please note that this novel is a direct sequel to fault - milestone one and contains massive spoilers of the first story. Play through of the first title is highly advised.,Paranormal activity and freakish events stalk the land. The dead haunt the living and take possession of their homes….,"Marmoset Toolbag™ is a powerful real-time material editor and renderer bundled in a tidy package. Featuring Marmoset Viewer, delivering cutting edge 3D to web and mobile devices, and Dota 2 shader support, making it a great addition to your Steam Workshop development pipeline.",The full ROCKETSROCKETSROCKETS experience PLUS a bonus super-high-quality soundtrack to groove those awesome beats.,Non-Stop Extreme Driving Action! Take this Job and Love It! Build your trucking empire from a single hauler to a vast network of convoys crisscrossing the globe’s most extreme roads. Can you feel the hair on your neck raise?,"Enter the ruined tower of Babel in search of the long lost art of „speech“. Unravel the many mysteries contained within, create powerful artifacts, battle daunting foes and build up your hero’s powers – all through the power of words!",You've been playing games most of your life. You've been listening to music even longer. Wouldn't it be great if making music was as easy as playing a game? Cadence lets you draw shapes as music. Let your imagination run free with the PC's first music sandbox game.,Fighties is a fast paced 2D platform fighter. Choose from a wide selection of Fighties each with their own unique play style. Beat down your opponents to become the strongest Fightie of them all.,Prepare for combat with the ultimate battle soundtrack. The official Ironcast soundtrack has everything any potential Commander of the Consortium of Merit would need to gear up for all-out war.,Score with precision at this sporting event on 54 challenging MiniGolf holes! In three different scenarios MiniGolf enthusiasts can enjoy two solo modes or take on up to three other players in multiplayer mode on one computer.,,"Sylvio is a psychological horror game set in a tranquil, disturbing atmosphere. Help ghost recorder Juliette Waters face an evil curse and a wicked family cult with her microphone and the voices of the dead.","For the first time ever, RPG Maker 2003 is officially available in English! This legendary game development engine is both highly affordable and easy to use, and it remains one of the most popular RPG Maker installments to date.","Relive Half-Life in this highly acclaimed, fan-made recreation",Original soundtrack from the hit SWAT command game Door Kickers. In Mp3 and Flac format.,Rediscover the Atlantean world in a fantastic new adventure,"Join Garfield and his friends in the funniest fast and fur-ious game! What character do you want to play with? Garfield, Odie, Jon, Nermal... you choose! Take part in no-holds-barred crazy races.","Courier of the Crypts is a 2D action adventure game where you have to survive as a courier on his first errand to the ominous crypts. Your main tool to achieve your mission is a magic torch which you use to illuminate your path, defend from evil spirits and solve puzzles.",A detailed 183-page strategy guide for Asguaard! Includes a complete walkthrough with detailed maps and tons of secrets!,This free DLC includes Parcel Soundtrack.Parcel Soundtrack is a collection of 10 tracks composed by Sauli Lehtinen and Jori Kemppi.Tracklist#1 - Ventilation (4:59)#2 - Factory (3:47)#3 - Greenhouse (4:00)#4 - Containment (4:45)#5 - Processor (6:08)#6 - Reactor (2:25)#7 - Basement (4:31)#8 - Boss (3:14)#9 - Special Place (5:04)#10 - Menu...,"An extensive 74-page strategy guide for Undefeated! Includes a full walkthrough with detailed, annotated maps.","IPackthat - UV-Layout PackerTired of packing your UV-Layout for 3D Meshes?IPackThat is the go to tool for automatic uv packing, tested and used by industry professionals.This small handy tool will compress your UV-Layout and save you time, that can be better spent on creative tasks.",Experience the events of the epic follow-up to the biggest Super Hero movie of all time. See the Avengers when they are put to the ultimate test as they battle to save the planet from destruction at the hands of the villainous Ultron.,Join the cunning Rebel crew of the Ghost starship as they embark on their journey to become heroes with the power to ignite a rebellion. These few alone are brave enough to defy the evil Empire on this unique pinball table based on Star Wars Rebels™!,Play Girlfriend Rescue like a true Master thanks to this 79-page Strategy Guide!,"Let's Explore the Airport captures all of the fun, energy, and excitement of a real, working airport. Kids can check out the ticket counter in the main terminal, work the controls in the cockpit of the Concord, and see how the ground crew prepares the planes.","The Farm captures all the fun, energy and excitement of a real working farm. Kids can visit the big red barn and watch a cow being milked. Take a peek inside the chicken coop and find out where eggs come from. Help harvest the corn and feed the pigs. Don't miss the pond- there's a beaver dam to explore. And that's only the beginning.","No place on Earth is more mysterious or exciting than a jungle. Explore the dim interior of an Amazon cave. Dive into a river and take a swim with a hippo. View the inner workings of an underground ant nest. With Let's Explore the Jungle, children become involved and intrigued from the very first scene.","An extension of the 12th release in the Nobunaga’s Ambition series, Nobunaga’s Ambition: Iron Triangle, has appeared at the Steam Store as Nobunaga’s Ambition: Iron Triangle w/Power-up Kit!","Nobunaga’s Ambition, a series synonymous with Historical Simulation Games, has now released an extension of the 13th release in that series, Nobunaga’s Ambition: Tendou, at the Steam Store as Nobunaga’s Ambition: Tendou w/Power-up Kit!","&amp;quot;Toukiden: Kiwami&amp;quot; is a hunting action game where players take on the role of a Slayer possessing unique abilities, and battle the Oni to save mankind from destruction. To defeat these huge Oni, players band together to sever, pierce, and crush parts of the Oni using the Targeted Destruction System!","Tenshu General, is a simple, elegant, Real Time Strategy (RTS) game for those who favor short play sessions over long sessions. Quick casual game play combined with the challenge of continuously adapting enemies allow for a surprisingly challenging exercise in strategy. It is a cross breed between a board game and a classic RTS.",Smash the virus breakout and save the world in this throwback to brick smashing arcade games of the past!,Ghost in the Machine is about the player's escape from a run-down factory following a large explosion. In the dark factory there are many dangerous machines that must be minded in order to not be crushed or mechanically separated.,"A unique strategy/survival game set in a prehistoric world of dinosaurs and cavemen. Play as Craig and decide the fate of man as you hunt, gather, and prepare your way to victory! Demonstrate new skills to your cavemen so they can contribute to the survival of your people!","Prepare yourself for fast tracks, furious physics and a rush of adrenaline as you tackle daring obstacles and puzzles. O3DX will be the ride of your life!","Void Destroyer - Mini Sandbox is a proof of concept of the planned sequel to Void Destroyer - released for fans to enjoy, give feedback and generate ideas.While the &amp;quot;mini sandbox&amp;quot; has a lot of common sandbox features - it lacks the intended depth/polish of a full release and many planned features of Void Destroyer 2.",Escape from the Shadow Land!,"Battlestations! The pirates are preparing to board again! Surely you didn't think that the pirates would leave once and for all? Build towers, cast spells, collect barrels of rum and believe in victory!","Take what you can, give nothing back! This time of the secrets of the Bermuda Triangle will submit to you.",Interstellar Rift is an open world starship simulator with an emphasis on ship construction and multi-player interaction. Players will need to survive in a hostile galaxy with their own custom designed and constructed starship.,"The PC4K S-Type Expander / Gate Module is expertly crafted by the Cakewalk DSP team and rounds out our legendary, vintage-style, ProChannel modeling.","A gripping seaside adventure following the connection of two young souls, each unknowingly helping the other make sense of a world that seems senseless. Complemented by breathtaking artwork and an addictive soundtrack, this charming tale will definitely suck you in and leave a lasting impression!","Leap of Fate is a furiously-paced cyberpunk roguelite about overcoming your fears and achieving your fate. In a New York City where magic is real, you play as a technomage who must develop unspeakable powers to confront the Crucible of Fates. Can you survive the trials?",D Series is an off road driving simulation with custom track editor built into the Steam Workshop. It was originally released in 2015 and completely rebuilt for 2017 with all new vehicles and a new controller input system.,Mega Man Legacy Collection is a celebration of the 8-bit history of Capcom’s iconic Blue Bomber featuring faithful reproductions of the series’ origins with the original six Mega Man games.,"Fight the battle you already won, but never remember. It is you up against 1000 other sperm fighters. Can you beat off your competition and come first? Finally, collect your very own baby gnomes as trophies for your minivan!","Grave Prosperity: Redux follows Amber Ridge as she finds herself broken down on a mountain road. Without any reception and no signs of passers-by, she is forced to walk to the nearest town- Prosperity. A place that knows no God and exists only to make you suffer.",Escape Machines is an addictive Science Fiction single/multi-player/co-op adventure shooter in the near future! Artificial intellect and robots fight against their creators. You must take control of the robots and save people.,Fall into the place of bones. Urge on the stagnant residents who are lost to corrupt virtue. Use sins as your tools to improve their existence. Expose the cabbages pretending to be people. Learn about the razor blades hidden in your walls.,"STAR-BOX – RPG Adventures in Space!Strap on your gravity boots, power up your laser, and climb aboard your spaceship for a retro-styled, RPG-jaunt into the unknown!Travel an open-world, sandbox universe where you are the architect of your own story.","Welcome to a mysterious world filled with strange creatures, giant monsters and warring factions. You won't last long here on your own. Fortunately, you know how to build giant robots! Find the plans, gather the resources, climb inside your giant robotic creation and start punching monsters in the face!",Create custom robots in the Bot Lab and battle to find out who is the mightiest ‘bot builder of them all!,"This package includes over 20,000 game assets that are compatible with most game engines out there. Great for prototyping!",PING 1.5+™ is a new arcade style puzzle game with the objective of shooting the cube through over 100 stages to reach the orange.,Holy Potatoes! A Weapon Shop?! is a wacky simulation game where you manage your very own weapon shop and expand its business across an incredible potato world.Use your potato smiths to forge weapons and sell them to questing heroes.,"A company is currently in development of robots for the new generation - Botology, conduct tests for a new system for the remote control of robots. The purpose of the company is to help future potential buyers explore the remote space systems.","Ever wanted to be a tea party extraordinaire? Well now you can. Each new level brings it's own challenges you must overcome on your quest to become the ultimate tea party master. Comes with the original Tea Party Mode and now a Mode 2 (after beating all the levels), for a whole new experience!","The female custom equipments, Fox Kimono Set, will become available for selection during custom character creation in &amp;quot;Edit Mode.",The Way - Official Soundtrack by Panu Talus.,"::Game Concept: Rhythm Game + Hacker Theme:: Play out your dangerous hacker fantasies with this clever rhythm game.Welcome, to the Hacker's World...",Come fly the friendly skies and prove yourself as a freight pilot on twelve exotic islands.,Seeders is a puzzle-platformer with tight and responsive controls and some really challenging puzzles. Finding your lost friend and saving the skateboard park from demolition only scratches the surface of the wonderful adventure that lies ahead.,"Battlefleet Gothic: Armada is the RTS videogame adaptation of Games Workshop’s classic tabletop game, pitting the Chaos, Imperium, Eldar, and Orks against each other in visceral space-battles.","IPackthat - UV-Layout PackerTired of packing your UV-Layout for 3D Meshes?IPackThat is the go to tool for automatic uv packing, tested and used by industry professionals.This small handy tool will compress your UV-Layout and save you time, that can be better spent on creative tasks.","Hack your way through this maddened forest with one angry bunny's razor sharp Independently Targeting Bionic Shard of Concentrated Mayhem that serves as the titular character's right arm. Now fully detatchable and slingshot capable, for when you just need to fling yourself across the screen.","The Games of Glory starter pack is the perfect way to get started playing! You get one playable Clone, Saga, an incredibly versatile scout with enormous mobility and her unique gas mask. On top of this you get $5 dollar worth of in-game currency, enough to buy additional Clones, hats or skins.","The Games of Glory - “Guards of the Synarchy” pack gives you access to all your favorite Clones (champions) from the Synarchy faction, a bunch of unique skins, unique hats and face masks, and enough in-game currency to buy a few additional Clones of your choice, or skins or hats galore.","The &amp;quot;Superstar&amp;quot; package is it! Bragging rights of having all clones ever released in Games of Glory (currently 12, and growing quickly), unique skins and headgear for most of the clones, and enough in-game currency to purchase all kinds of hats and different types of skins.","Egg Returns Home is a simple platformer about an egg, which is trying to find his way back home. At every level egg needs to get to the teleport.","31 songs and 59 minutes of pure Chiptune music, inspired by the 80's and 90's, synthetizes, Tokusatsu opening themes and a lot of nostalgia. Composed by brazilian artists: Raphael Müller and Washington Rayk.",Fall into the place of bones. Urge on the stagnant residents who are lost to corrupt virtue. Use sins as your tools to improve their existence. Expose the cabbages pretending to be people. Learn about the razor blades hidden in your walls.,Get in the mood with the official Strife soundtrack!,"POWERFUL enough for a developer SIMPLE enough for a child VERSATILE enough for any platform!RPG MAKER MV allows you to make the RPG of your dreams! This latest version includes a host of new featuresand export options for MacOSX, Android, and iPhone!",Fling a ball of goo around a big open world and find stars. It's pretty simple. Let's have fun!,An atmospheric platformer where players fight weird monsters that keep on claiming they're part of an operating system.,"Survive the zombie apocalypse with a “Final Fantasy” turn-based combat and permanent death! Manage survivors, craft materials, and make difficult decisions. Defend your camp against hordes of the undead to prevail in this non-linear rogue-lite (comparable to FTL). Innovative Indie Survival-RPG!",Warp into action with Solar Shifter EX. Man your ship and dive into fierce combat situations in space and over beautiful and distant planet surfaces. Solar Shifter EX is a sci-fi shoot 'em up with the unique ability to 'shift'.,"In Windscape you play as a young girl living on your parents’ farm, set in a lovely world made up of floating islands in the sky. As you discover the world you learn that something has gone terribly wrong - islands are breaking apart and falling from the sky!","In a magic age, where dragons ruled and the world of Desola was at the height of its glory, a demonic portal opened its infernal abyss in the shadowlands. The realm was ravaged by Devils &amp;amp; Demons.","Ever wondered what one quadrillion damage per second feels like? Wonder no more! Embark on your quest to attain it today! Start out by clicking on the monster to kill them, and get their gold. Spend that gold on hiring new heroes and get more damage. The more damage you deal, the more gold you will get.","“Master, Master! I did it!!” &amp;quot;I can hear you, no need to shout! Oh, my! This is a rather firm Kidney.&amp;quot; My Organic Garden is an avant-garde organ-clicking game. Whether it’s to get Master’s praise, or to please the customer, click away and ship those organs!","Heart of Gold continues where the story left off, with 4 earth-shattering new Campaign levels, a smattering of new defences, units and spells, and a gleaming new Dungeon Theme.","This addition to multiplayer functionality, includes three new competitive modes and six maps, for those modes.","Carefuly crafted puzzles in a challenging 3D plaformer take the player on a surrealistic journey through a maze of feelings. In Face It, abstract concepts are shaped into gameplay: darker emotions are monsters and traps, while brighter concepts are the powers you need to beat the levels.","Battle for control of the galaxies in this frantic multiplayer action game straight out of a 1980s space anime! Blast shots, dodge energy beams, and deflect projectiles as you race your tram into the opposing team's base! Grab the capsule to capture the galaxy before your enemy captures theirs!","We are not alone in the universe, its filled with Zombies! To combat them mankind invented their most efficient weapon yet: the Space Robot Samurai Zombie Slayer. ONLY YOU can pilot the powerful Space Robot Samurai Zombie Slayer to fight the Space Zombie horde!","You are a gun for hire with nothing to your name but your rifle and a single bullet. You have a special gift. You can control this bullet. Your objectives: take jobs, kill, build your reputation, and work your way up the crime ladder.",The Albedo Soundtrack includes 8 tracks from Albedo: Eyes from Outer Space. Contents from this pack can be found in your Steam game directory under Soundtrack.,The soundtrack for Super Goo Goo,Compete against a friend in an exhilarating diamond-collecting race where quick and strategic thinking and good maze-navigation skills are key to outmatch your opponent and emerge victorious!,"Farabel is a turn-based strategy game where you start at the end of the story. Develop your cleverness, your strategic prowess, and your inventive capabilities in order to survive!","Set in the distant future of 2406, Earth and the colonies of Mars are at the brink of war. Play as Captain Junius Fahrenheit onboard the Sierra as him and his crew are forced into a fight that will define the future of mankind altogether.","Lucius game has been demade, and is now ready for mayhem. Enjoy all the gore now in fewer pixels and fewer colors. The original game has been fully demade to achieve the atmosphere of an 80's style gory adventure. Lucius is now killing all the pixels and there isn't a damn thing anyone can do about it.","Liquivid Video Improve is an intuitive, easy-to-use editor for your videos and photos. It fixes lens distortion caused by wide angle lenses and action cameras, removes camera &amp;amp; and image noise and improves colors and sharpness.",Enjoy a fast and frantic arcade shmup from Triangle Service! Attack in all directions and rack up the multipliers - do you have XIIZEAL?,"Fight your way through dungeons littered with dangerous traps, equip your character, learn various skills and spells, defeat hordes of monsters, and save the kingdom from a threats of evil warlock.","After Sasha is fooled into placing her hand on an ancient shrine, her twin sister Lilly starts noticing a new darker side to her that she has never seen before. After discovering that Sasha's body is slowly being possessed by the immortal Zahhak, Lilly must furiously try to save her!","Take on the role of a spaceship captain. Explore new worlds, and engage in intense ship-to-ship battles. Develop unique battle tactics, upgrade your ship, and recruit crew members as you fight for peace or piracy.","Ultimate VFR Guam is designed to be the ultimate in high detail photo scenery for Microsoft Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition.Fly to the exotic island territory of Guam in Micronesia, located in the Northern Marianas Islands in the Western Pacific Ocean, located 1,500 miles (2,500km) south of Japan and east of the Philippines, and 4,000...","Robinson's R66 is a five-seat helicopter powered by a 300-horsepower turbine engine. Introduced in 2010, its standard configuration is a two-blade main rotor, a two-blade tail rotor, and skids. It is used by both business and private users, as well as some air forces and police departments.","The Piper PA-28-181 Archer II is a single engine GA aircraft, configured with the fuselage over the wings. A development of the PA-28 series which began with the Cherokee, the Archer II is slightly larger in fuselage length and wingspan, and is equipped with a 180hp engine.","From Lionheart Creations comes the sleek and stylish Diamond Star DA40 XLS Edition. This single engine aircraft brings a new level of sophistication to general aviation, boasting a glass panel instrument system with built-in autopilot, enhanced frame rates, and fully functional gauges.","The Embraer 175/195 aircraft are domestic range airliners with state-of-the-art avionics, fly-by-wire technology, superior cabin comfort and uncompromising performance.These regional jets are perfect for short haul flights while experiencing the excitement of taking off and landing in major airports.","From Lionheart Creations studios comes the Piper Pacer 180, an elegant American classic. This add-on includes four different flight models, three different variations of interiors and instrument panel types, and a large assortment of unique paint schemes including original show condition paint schemes and weathered-bush plane schemes...","Described as World War I, The First War, The Great War and The War to End All Wars, the years 1914 to 1918 witnessed a global military conflict on a scale unthinkable just thirty years earlier. The action took place primarily in Europe but conflict soon broke out in the Middle East, Africa and the Asia Pacific Rim.","The Junker Ju87 ‘Stuka’ is a remarkable aircraft. The aircraft first took to the air in 1935 after being conceived as a two-seater dive bomber. Operated by a pilot and tail gunner, the aircraft quickly gained a fearsome reputation, making its combat debut in the Spanish Civil war of 1936 as part of the Luftwaffe ‘Condor Legion’.","From the creators of the original FSX and Acceleration missions comes Air Alaska —the first release from TakeFlight Interactive. In this challenging, story-driven mission pack you will work your way up through the ranks of a quirky Alaskan air charter operation.","Produced by WACO Classic Aircraft of Lansing, Michigan, the YMF5 from Alabeo is based on the YMF built between 1934 and 1935 by the WACO Aircraft Company of Troy, Ohio.It is of bi-plane configuration with a 275hp radial engine, and has a great reputation with pilots who appreciate its classic looks and performance.","Active Sky Next, the most widely used weather engine for PC flight simulation, provides an entirely new level of realism to your FSX: Steam Edition experience! Advanced technologies enable incredible levels of accuracy and smoothness.","Penelope Barker and Aaron S. Reid are agents of the extra-governmental Pandora Global Corp, which works in parallel with the CIA. Unbeknown to them, they are also guinea pigs in an ambitious and dangerous project...","Addictive turn-based empire-building with colossal, real-time battles, all set in a world of legendary heroes, giant monsters, flying creatures and storms of magical power.","&amp;quot;The Sheltered&amp;quot; is a top-down adventure game with an emphasis on exploration and decision making. Combining old school graphics and simple gameplay with modern storytelling and a multitude of choices, &amp;quot;The Sheltered&amp;quot; pushes a choice between safety and morals.","CINEVEO is a super immersive VR Cinema experience, with the most detailed and beautifully designed VR Cinema environments on the market. Experience total presence in VR, as you watch your videos inside a collection of ultra-realistic VR Cinemas with AAA graphics and powerful features.","An amazing chiptunes soundtrack created by Danimal Cannon and x01010111. Inspired by retro classics like Battletoads, Double Dragon and Pokemon.","For a thousand years the ancient Dwarf stronghold of ‘Nebendam’ has been silent, for the Dwarves had dug deeper into the earth where the air was warmer. Yet, once again hammers can be heard below the ground as the Dwarves move up towards the surface, hearing that once again ‘Fortune’s Tavern’ has an innkeeper worthy of their custom!","Embark on an epic journey in this hardcore Multiplayer RPG! As a Galactic Cadet, you and your Combat Squad of friends must brave hostile worlds in search of valuable loot and resources. Craft powerful gear, slay otherworldly creatures, and save the galaxy.","Freshman Year is a vignette game about an ordinary night in the life a college freshman named Nina. Nina's best friend Jenna invites her to meet up at a local bar with some classmates. Jenna is sort of flaky though, so Nina has to navigate the party by herself.",The Elder Scrolls: Legends™ is a new strategy card game based on the world and lore of the award-winning Elder Scrolls series. Play for hours or minutes across many game modes that are easy to learn but challenging to master.,"Venture into the darkness of the Dream Forest and discover why it's now called &amp;quot;Cursed&amp;quot;. Meet interesting characters in a psychological adventure, solve puzzles and learn all about the story of Red; a fire goblin that is now looking to find his master...","Endless Dead is a 3D arcade isometric shooter. Half RPG, Half machine gun fueled Gauntlet clone that focuses on looting, action, and zombie carnage. Traverse miles over urban and rural locations and uncover the source of the zombie virus.","Explore the farthest reaches of Human Space in this open-world space adventure. Compelled to journey to the Galactic Core by a mysterious hyperintelligence, you must fight your way through dozens of star systems teeming with clashing empires, expansionist AIs, and fearsome xenophobes.","AirMech Command is the definitive Action/RTS experience in VR. With all new tactical room-space controls AND ground-level flight controls, you can command troops and units from orbit, or grab the stick and pilot your AirMech directly. Play Solo, Co-Op, or PVP with dozens of 'Mechs, customizable armies, and unlockable vanity items.","FreeCell Quest is an RPG Free Cell game. You've never played Free Cell like this before! Explore 533 cities while collecting cards, gold, levels, armor, and spells on your epic quest of card sorting! Think quickly before the cards strike and drain your precious health. A new twist on a classic game!",Luminoso is a puzzle game with laser beams. The goal of each puzzle is to make all laser beams hit the receiver pieces of their respective color.,"Fight your way to the top in this action-packed permanent death dungeon crawler! Challenge minibosses, complete puzzles, and shoot everything on your path to the skies.","&amp;quot;SUPER DISTRO&amp;quot; is a hard-as-nails 2D platformer in the style of retro games such as Megaman, Super Mario Bros 2: The Lost Levels and other such rage-inducing classics. Taking &amp;quot;Difficult gameplay&amp;quot; to a whole new level - SUPER DISTRO is not for the faint-of-heart. The weak need not apply.","You are the new plow on the block, and today is your day. How many cars can you shepherd home before achieving grounds for termination?","Engage in the craziest war against humans.. as a pigeon! Use famous war tactics such as engagement, avoiding and target fixing to center unlucky people with poo and get points for that.","The year is 1986. Cold War leaders Ronald Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev have been kidnapped by militant extremists. Once rivals, now they must cooperate… or die. Sneak, slash or shoot your way through an army of mercenaries. Save the world from nuclear Armageddon.","Magi is a challenging game of wizard duels, mixing strategy and RPG elements with the dynamism and immediacy of fighting games.",Ever wanted to see how the popular Hacker Evolution games were made? Here is your chance with this package which contains all 3 Hacker Evolution games and their source code.,"A rollicking action-platformer, inspired by the greats of the DOS and NES era. Explore 20 huge levels in 4 varied locations, full of cunning secrets and unique dangers, including 4 epic boss battles.",Voyage to Farland is a tough as nails turn-based graphical dungeon crawler inspired by the cult classic Japanese Mystery Dungeon games.,"Return to command of the USS Enterprise in this classic. True episodic format beams eight original point-and-click missions into your computer. Featuring the cast members and sound effects from Star Trek: The Original Series, Judgment Rites puts you on course for a galaxy of excitement!","A must for any fan, Star Trek: Starfleet Academy is an action/flight simulator featuring filmed footage of the original Star Trek actors. Take your place among the best and brightest at Starfleet Academy!","Dozens of missions &amp;amp; more than 50 ship designs put you in the captain’s chair for an amazing real-time space combat experience commanding ships from the United Federation of Planets, the Klingon Empire, the Romulan Star Empire, the Hydran Kingdom, the Gorn Confederation or the Lyran Star Empire!","A super high difficulty, fantastical 2D action platformer complete with an expansive original soundtrack. 20+ Levels. Multiple playable characters. Rich lore. BLEAK: Welcome to Glimmer is Act One in a timeless tale of loss and redemption.","N2O: Nitrous Oxide's gameplay is pure shooter, reminiscent of the arcade classic TEMPEST. You're stuck on the perimeter of a tube and you job is to shoot at everything in your way.",StartBolita is a game of puzzle based on Dodge and move boxes of colors.,The horde of drones has invaded earth. They are taking over cities and factories to use for their own self-replication. Play as Joe or Gem and rise up to fight the horde.,A simple Side-Scrolling Shooter set in the Western Fronts of World War 1.,"Red Bit Ninja is an old school platformer with a rope climbing physic and difficulty of the good old times. It features classic pixel art, hair pulling levels and five mean bosses.",,"&amp;quot;Hanafuda&amp;quot; is a traditional Japanese card game. Now you can enjoy &amp;quot;Koi Koi,&amp;quot; its most well-known variation, in a purely Japanese milieu with elegant and refined graphics. Online Multiplayer!!","Third installment to the very successful Pony World series features improved gameplay, cartoony 3D graphics and whole new, bigger and better Pony Town to explore, live in and form relationships. Socialize with other ponies, play with them and meet your beloved one.","Restricted-RPS is an online multiplayer swindle'emup for 6+ players. Each player is given a set of Rock Paper Scissors cards and Star betting chips with which to play matches, trade, buy information and buy other players. As the cards dwindle down, two at a time, from being used in matches, who has what becomes critical information.","CopperCube is a full-featured 3D game engine. No programming needed! Create 3D games, apps and even 3D websites quickly. Includes terrain editor, low poly modelling tools, 3D models, precreated game AI, effects and more.","In Bunker Constructor you build strong bunkers that protect against enemy attacks. You must build resilient bunkers through 45 levels and in 5 environments including desert, forest, beach, mountains and city ruins, because the next attack wave is already underway!","Gynophobia is a horror shooter about abnormal fear of women. Gynophobia is using classic first person shooter gameplay, to convey story about Mark, who is suffering from different phobias, including abnormal fear of woman.","Escape is a simple 2D game with 35 levels already unlocked (for the sake of gaming of course). Require jumping skills, a brain and patience.",Titanis is a 2D Action RPG set in a desert wasteland of the far future. The story follows the mercenary team Bash and Slash as they try to scratch out a living through whatever means necessary. Along the way they make new allies as well as bump into old enemies.,"Manga are comics created in Japan. The problem for most people is, as they're made in Japan they're only produced in Japanese; someone has to translate them to English! Is one man able to accomplish this? Is there more to his team's relationships other than business? Can everything in a translator's life be simple and clear?","Unheard Screams is a text based roleplaying game. You play as Miala, a Congolese liberator attempting to overthrow the regime of King Leopold II of Belgium (1885-1908). As the player your job is to fight the foreign oppressors and regain control of territories in the Congo while managing your rebellion's resources.","Pickup some snow and throw your (almost) deadly snowballs at your friends. Lure them into dynamite traps, summon friendly snowmen or find other ways to demonstrate the power of the best snowball-fighter!",Unique RPG that covers what happens after the Big Bad is defeated and the Heroes disband.,"A curse has befallen the Crescent Isle and it's up to you to save it. Luckily the curse has transformed your people into helpful monsters such as drills, blobs, icicles, and gravity flipping...things. With your monster subjects in hand you'll have to drill through rocks, maneuver through spiky terrain, freeze water to pass over the sea,...","You close your eyes and when you open them again, you wake up in a new world full of magic. Decide for yourself whether you prefer, to fly on the back of an eagle or would you rather be the pilot. This game is perfect after a hard day's work. Try this game, put Oculus Rift on and relax .","The goal of Go Home is to get home without dying.Sounds simple, if there wouldnt be a variety of enemies and traps, which will make it difficult for you to reach your home before the time runs out.","Northern Canada, 1970. A strange blizzard ravages Atamipek Lake. Step into the shoes of a detective to explore the eerie village, investigate surreal events, and battle the elements to survive. Kona is a chilly interactive tale you won't soon forget.","Every story has a beginning… For WAKFU, it all started when the World of Twelve got drowned in the tears of a despaired ogre. Nowadays, Ogrest has a become a terrible legend and the Ultimate quest for the adventurers of WAKFU. But if you knew how it all started...","Strategy has a new name and it’s damn TASTEE. Recruit a team of volatile mercs and execute dramatic gunfights on a mission to take down the Cartel. Out think, outmaneuver, and eliminate enemies in a fresh take on simultaneous turn-based tactics. Precision planning meets epic action.","Defend your stage with music in this new indie rhythm game featuring Tegan and Sara, CHVRCHES, Lights, Metric, METZ, F*cked Up, HEALTH, Purity Ring, Little Dragon, Austra, Shad, Cadence Weapon, July Talk, Monomyth and more!","Make the movie of your dreams amid the glamor and romance of 1950s Hollywood! Hire Alfred Hitchcock, seduce Greta Garbo, or build your studio into a powerhouse.","Make the movie of your dreams amid the glamor and romance of 1950s Hollywood! Hire Alfred Hitchcock, seduce Greta Garbo, or build your studio into a powerhouse.","Economic based 4x, puts you in a large galaxy with hundreds of systems as a CEO of a colony destined to rule over all competitors, features dozens or more opponent CEOs.",WWII tactical submarine combat! Take command of a U-boat prowling the Atlantic in search of enemy convoys to sink. Sneak past the escorts and torpedo the transports. Or surface and use your deck gun in a daring night attack.,"Shadow Hunter is a casual deductive puzzle game with RPG elements. Explore areas filled with turn-based random encounters and events, veiled under horror filled darkness. With your food supply running low, and wit and a little luck your only tools... tread carefully as every step can be your last.",An adventure game with hand-painted graphics and an intriguing story. It's up to you to escape from the mysterious Cave Of Heroes by solving brain-bending puzzles. Explore a game world based on Ancient Greek mythology in this fascinating and thought-provoking journey.,A B-Movie inspired game with visuals and game play style reflected from the creators childhood,TE120 is a short single player experience set in the Half-Life Universe featuring a gravity defying weapon that allows you to jump buildings and sustain large falls. The story takes place at a mysterious date &amp;amp; location. Where are you? Why have you been sent?,Organ Biker is a modern retro arcade style motorcycle action and internal organ delivery game for PC!,"The year is 1979. A secret, final lunar mission has retrieved hundreds of moon rocks for study at Aether Research Facility. Overtaken by curiosity, researchers delve deeper and deeper into the unknown.","Jump/Boxer is a pseudo 8-bit action platformer with fighting game elements. As a young martial artist named Dag, players will make their way through each level using parkour-like abilities to overcome the various platforming challenges as well as engaging in combat with mechanics similar to those found in fighting games.","The Way of the Pixelated Fist is a parkour and martial arts inspired free-roaming cinematic platformer. While it blends together the gameplay concepts of The Prince of Persia and Karateka, they are presented with refined controls and other modern innovations to give the game an intuitive and fluid feel.",A cute fantasy romance visual novel. One day you discover the other side of your partner you had never known. What is the truth beneath the masks?,"Battle Brothers is a turn based tactical RPG which has you leading a mercenary company in a gritty, low-power, medieval fantasy world. You decide where to go, whom to hire or to fight, what contracts to take and how to train and equip your men in a procedurally generated open world campaign.","The original soundtrack to Battle Brothers featuring two full hours of orchestral music, including signature themes for all the places and factions in the game. Composed and produced by Breakdown Epiphanies (Patrick Delaney and Dennis Meyer).",Drop in to the world of two friendly beetles: relaxed Spoko and angry friend Poko. They need your help to transport a ball to their cottage. Are you ready to help them? Remember to collect all diamonds on the way!,"Apollo4x is a casual-to-difficult space trading tycoon game, where success is measured in earnings from how efficient your trade routes are in transporting supplies to demands on your planets. Combat is card based, and uses a unique system never before seen.",Everything is Black and White is a minimalist puzzle-platformer developed by Thomas Gwaltney.,"Platfinity™, fast &amp;amp; easy game creation!","Hacknet is an immersive, terminal-based hacking simulator for PC. Dive down a rabbit hoIe as you follow the instructions of a recently deceased hacker, whose death may not have been the accident the media reports.",CHARIOT WARS is a high quality story-led arcade racing game set in Ancient Rome with both singleplayer and multiplayer game modes.,Get 4 Sakun exclusive items in one package. Now you can express yourself even better by showing of your stylish street basketball moves while wearing while sporting those amazing threads.,"Ravenmark: Scourge of Estellion is a turn-based wargame, where strategic troop placement is essential to succeed, but this is just one of the many choices you will face while fighting your way through your many battles!","The king's daughter has turned into a man-eating monster, and either you find the cure, or it's off with your head!","quadrant is a difficult rhythm game with trippy animations that get more and more intense, the better you play.","Flip is a a puzzle game for your eyes and your brain. It has a simple and easy to understand mechanic, but the possible combinations on each puzzle will require deep thinking to solve them in the minimum number of moves. Play just to chill out or to exercise your brain.","This GameGuru DLC pack contains 50 quality building assets all ready to be used in your GameGuru creations. It includes concrete bunkers, office blocks, warehouses, sandstone buildings, gothic styled buildings, flats, houses, huts and sheds. Ideal for populating your game environments.",This Fantasy Pack brings a new Aztec Jungle style to the GameGuru world. Create Fantasy levels with the media in this pack and use the Wizard character from the core GameGuru stock media for a new gaming experience.,This extensive pack is based around the US Death Valley desert. It's packed with high quality media so you can create your own sandstone style base. Ideal for making multiplayer maps. The pack also includes new terrain media for that death valley scorched earth look!,Battle of the Bulge is a fast-paced WW2 game where precise movement and detailed planning make the difference between a vain attempt and a brave operation.,"Beeswing is a game set in a small village in rural Scotland, the village I grew up in. Visit the places and people who shaped a life and discover their stories. Represented in hand painted, water colour graphics with a unique, acoustic soundtrack.","WarBirds 2016 is now in its 20th year of simulating flight combat in World War II. The game includes solo and online versions with over 120 aricraft. New for 2016 are more planes, improved flight models, new terrain areas and more online special events.","Blue Rose is an interactive ‘visual novel’, following the viewpoint of the female knight Lena as she enters an unknown world deep in the mountains. Lena is a Templar of the Blue Rose, living her life to fight and protect her home and country. But what is truly important to her is only just about to reveal itself.",Drop in to Olliwood and prepare for finger-flippin’ mayhem in this follow up to cult skateboarding smash OlliOlli.,"Blender is the free and open source 3D creation suite. Free to use for everyone, for any purpose.","The most explosive competitive arena game of the year has arrived on Steam! Battle it out in this heavily skilled-reliant bomb bonanza, controlling one of eight unique characters, each possessing their own deadly skillset that adds speed and tactical depth to the oldschool gameplay.",The Skyrim Script Extender (SKSE) is a tool used by many Skyrim mods that expands scripting capabilities and adds additional functionality to the game.,"The sacred mushroom of Phungoria has been stolen, Grandpa Goodmate is going to be executed and things ain't looking too good. Now it's up to YOU... catch the thief, recover the mushroom and save Grandpa... all by the end of the week. So hurry Gilbert, time is running out... Oh, and do try to keep your hands off the Princess!",Experience the passion of rugby in the official 2015 Rugby World Cup video game. Choose from among the 20 teams competing in the World Cup and take part in the most prestigious rugby competition to win the Webb Ellis Cup.,"A first-person cyber shooter tribute to classic Arcade blasters such as Battlezone, Berzerk &amp;amp; Robotron. All rendered in '80s 3D Vector-Vision' (TM).",Pure stealth action and infinite level creation from the award-winning studio behind Thomas Was Alone. Enter the Volume to halt Gisborne Industries' corruption and train the masses to rob from the rich. Features weekly content updates in curated Staff Picks section.,"A cyberpunk advertising tycoon game. Explore a massive procedural city, and plaster your adverts all over it. Float around cyberspace and post links online. Watch the economy of the city evolve with the effects of your decisions.",FLYING TIGERS: SHADOWS OVER CHINA is an air-combat action game based on the historical events of America’s secret volunteer squadrons that defended China against Japan in the China-Burma-India theatre of World War 2.,"The “Start Kit” includes the fast start. What does it mean? You will receive 10 thousand of clips, all month premiums and additional bonus of 5 unique masks. Individuality and simplicity are the things provided by the welcome kit.","Defy gravity and traverse a twisted 3D labyrinth as a chosen priestess cast with the important job of naming the stars. However, when the night sky goes dark, only the maze remains.","Spaceman Sparkles 2 is a frantic bullet-hell that takes place in a thumpin' disco universe, you'll be begging for mercy while bobbing your head to the beat.",Be a true explorer! Explore hundreds of hours of hand crafted content while getting constantly stronger and learning new abilities on the way. Features one truly immense world that is constantly expanded by players and developers alike. What gem of a creation you will uncover just around the corner?,"3D Point-and-click adventure puzzle game wrapped in cinematic 2D cut-scenes. After a concerning message left on Rob's answer-phone from his panicked-sounding twin, Nick, he rushes to his brother's office to try and find a hidden mask. Not long into the search, things take a very dangerous turn...","Take one of the most modern, fun and engaging board games created in recent years. Match it with cutting-edge technology. Add a ridiculously well-crafted art style and a ton of extra content. This is the recipe to one of the most thrilling, charming and captivating strategy games you will ever find.","Pixel Dungeon is an exciting and extremely popular roguelike (more than 2 million mobile installs!). Explore the depths of Pixel Dungeon, collect useful items and fight fierce monsters to find the Amulet of Yendor - the ultimate artefact of this game world!","Stoorm is a skill arcade game. Although the reflex is your main asset to overcome all levels, you will sometimes need to take back your breath, and a minimal analyze of the map, to escape without dying too often. The purpose of the game is to move your cube through the rooms to finally leave the complex or... you 'll see.","A Free Update for Dungeon of the Endless, the critically acclaimed Rogue-like Dungeon Defense hybrid, featuring 4 new heroes and 5 new items from Team Fortress 2. Try out their awesome hero abilities and discover their hidden backstory! What could go wrong? Open the Door!","rFactor 2 is a realistic, easily extendable racing simulation that offers the latest in vehicle and race customization, great graphics, outstanding multiplayer and the height of racing realism. It features mixed class road racing with ultra realistic dynamics, an immersive sound environment and stunning graphics.",The Pixel Piracy OST features all of the music from the hit PC game written by Kole Audio Solutions. Everything from the sea shanties your wee mates sing while sailing on your custom pirate ship to the pulse-pounding Combat tracks that encourage you to destroy your fierce enemies.,"Our goal is to depict the possibilities of space exploration &amp;amp; combat within a realistic environment- to emphasize the &amp;quot;science&amp;quot; in science-fiction. Key features to include: proper orbital mechanics for all objects in space, detailed ship system control, functionality, inter-dependency &amp;amp; damage reaction.","Welcome to an epic world of endless carnage, where you battle alien foes at lightning fast speeds, and engage in mind meltingly epic boss battles. Immerse yourself in a beautifully hand crafted world, with visually stunning top down graphics and unlimited action packed levels.","Iggy’s Egg Adventure is a prehistoric platformer 75 million years in the making. You play as Iggy, a baby Velociraptor who must rescue his mother from her evil caveman captors, while collecting as many of her eggs as you can along the way.","Star Balls is an awesome puzzler game that follows three stowaways on a spaceship trying to use their unique skills to navigate the craft and escape. The 3D visuals are incredibly rich, the story is good, there are plenty of levels, power-ups and it’s a must play game.","Teddy Terror is a 2D Roguelite Horror with the environment as your weapon. Escape a child's nightmare and face horrifying creatures and vile titan horrors, by using only your surroundings.","This is Crypt of the NecroDancer's Extended soundtrack, which includes 42 remixes by A_Rival and FamilyJules7X!","Colony Survival is a unique first-person voxel RTS developed by a two-man team. Build your own colony in a voxel world. Command guards, farmers, miners and other colonists. Defend your colony against the monsters that attack every night.",Champions of chaos 2 is an Arena turn based RPG where the player can combine up to 10 different classes in a two man party to fight waves of enemies and gain reputation and allies. The battle system combine elements of “Grandia” and final fantasy with “Marvel vs Capcom” special moves.,What a awful night to be damned! Fight the demons of this land with Haggis' Vampire Hunter skin.,A better armour than your underpants! Rescue the one you love in a shiny armour with Haggis' Royal Knight skin.,The best way to defeat demons is becoming one of them! Escape his hellish place with Haggis' Red Gargoyle skin.,The official soundtrack for the cyberpunk advertising tycoon game AdvertCity. Deep atmospheric film noir jazz and postrock fusion mingles with beautiful analogue glitch electro.,"THIS DLC IS NOW INCLUDED IN THE BASE APP!Fayre Trade is the 3rd DLC for Fortune’s Tavern, and the biggest yet! Delve deeper into the role of tavern keeper in this latest instalment and create a variety of different meals to serve to your clientele.","Hounds: The Last Hope is a story based, MMO Role Playing Shooter presented in third-person perspective. The World is in ruins. Wickbroke forces caught the whole world off guard and started the apocalypse for humankind. Cities fell one by one. Only a handful of places stand still.",Meet the disposable heroes... A rag-tag band of nobodies who - quite by accident- represent the kingdom's last hope. With the royal army slain it is they who must venture across the land on a quest to bring back the head of the king's son so that the light might return.,"Upgrades CopperCube 5 game engine to the Professional Edition: Adds video playback capabilities, makes it possible to use unlimited scenes per file, unlocks the scene metrics tool, adds a command line interface.","Enjoy an amazing new TWIST in Tower Defense! You control the layout of the battlefield, and you decide the paths your enemies follow!","Wurm Unlimited is the standalone version of the fantasy sandbox world Wurm Online, the MMORPG where the players are in charge! A pioneer in the ideas of player influence, crafting and adventure, it is now one of the most deep and feature packed true sandbox experiences available.","Lace up your cleats, and step onto the diamond with the pros of “BASEBALL STARS 2” on Steam!","“GAROU: MARK OF THE WOLVES”, the latest entry in the legendary &amp;quot;FATAL FURY&amp;quot; Series which still continues to fascinate players around the world to this day, returns for a new fight on Steam!","“METAL SLUG ”, the very first title in SNK’s legendary 2D run &amp;amp; gun action shooting game series where all began, returns to the missions on the Steam gaming platform!","“METAL SLUG 2”, the 2nd entry in SNK’s emblematic 2D run &amp;amp; gun action shooting game returns to the battlefield on the Steam gaming platform!","“SHOCK TROOPERS ”, the fan favorite 2D top-down view action shooting game released exclusively on NEOGEO MVS in 1997, returns to the battlefield on Steam!Progress through the battlefield, choosing the best routes and strategy!","“TWINKLE STAR SPRITES ”, a competitive 2D top-down view scrolling shooter released on NEOGEO MVS in 1996, departs for new adventures on the Steam gaming platform!Master your shots, and aim for the magical Twinkle Star”!","Carp Fishing Simulator is the most advanced, authentic fishing experience on the market.Fish from any peg on 5 venues containing Mirror Carp, Common Carp, Grass Carp, Ghost Koi,Tench, Bream, Catfish, Sturgeon, Perch, Pike &amp;amp; Zander.Use up to 3 rods, a Spod rod, Marker rod and bait Boat.Earn coins by catching fish.",Seasons After Fall is a 2D platform-puzzler game that will let you dive into a captivating universe and explore a land governed by magic and nature.,"Enter the world of Kingdom Wars with an amazing starter pack including everything you need to get your Kingdom off to a great start. From extra resources and city slots to a powerful Ice Dragon, 15$ value. Kingdom Wars is a free to play 3D MMORTS with real-time siege combat, without the pay to win element so common in the genre.","Enter the world of Kingdom Wars as a veteran VIP. All Access Key comes with 90% of what the game shop has to offer - absolutely free, including the highly priced singleplayer campaign, 24 city slots and over 50$ in other features and...","&amp;quot;ROGUS - Kingdom of The Lost Souls&amp;quot; is the first Run'Em'Up: A minimalist, yet, epic, beat'em'up where your skills will be put to the test as you jump, aim, dodge, shield and cast spells, all at the same time. Guide an insanely powerful wizard in his hardcore and infinite quest for love &amp;amp; redemption.","LUDOKU is a unique, brain teasing puzzle game, where the goal is to unlock hidden treasures: defy the many traps and dangers to exploit the riches of an ancient Mayan temple.",UBERMOSH: Original Soundtrack 320kbps mp3,Experience a point-and-click adventure RPG game like never before featuring seven playable female characters and a male vampire in this not-so serious tale.Catz and Kitsune desire to go on an adventure with Xenonight who have no choice but to follow them.,"The rebirth of the classic action FPS / RTS hybrid &amp;quot;Savage 1&amp;quot; is here! Experience fast-paced combat and cunning strategic gameplay in glorious Unreal 4 environments. Engage in epic 16v16 front-line combat, or take Command to outplay and outmaneuver your team's way to victory.","All music from the game, 15 tracks in total! Enjoy listening to a memorable, warlike and majestic fusion of heroic, orchestral, rock, and epic-emotional music.","Pavel has been captured by the diabolical mastermind Lukas. Taken to Lukas's castle on his own private island, Pavel must make his way through the trap filled castle to regain his freedom.",Ruzar - The Life Stone is a dungeon crawler RPG game in which you play an adventurer who needs to discover the powerful Life Stone. Do you have the skills to survive in the deadliest dungeons of the Mountain of Ruz and recover the legendary artefact?,Esenthel Engine is a Next-Gen Computer Game Engine.,Create textures by combining basic operators. Try the demo.,"Wizardo, Spurned by the Princess Myrna Loo, has locked her up in his magic castle. You must infiltrate CastleAbra, gain Wizardo's trust and work behind his back to prevent this unholy union! Are you a bad enough dude to rescue your beloved Princess?",The residents of Trillium County will know the feeling of an old wound. Time has passed and doors that seemed locked forever are opened once again and the timing couldn't be any worse.,"Prompt is a hardcore platformer. It is minimalist, it is retro, and it is very, very hard. Everything from the visual style to the design of every level has been coded with love, just for you.",Withstand is a platform puzzle game with combat and adventure elements. Use the main character's wind magic as she embarks on an epic quest to get ingredients for a smoothie in a steampunk-inspired world.,"You both stand ready to be champions. Your vows to protect your world and every remaining donut have toughened your resolve to overcome all obstacles. In the icing that sits on top of your flavored cupcake you some how understand how importantly the need to survive has become, as you glance at the donut you now defend, you realize,...","Bestow double fire rate to your comrade or bastardize your enemy with reverse controls! Broken Bots is arcade style multiplayer robot warfare where players dish out power-ups to teammates &amp;amp; glitches to foes. Customize weapons, passives, &amp;amp; skills then battle it out in CTF, Team Deathmatch &amp;amp; KOTH!","This demo includes the tutorial section of the full game, as well as a sample of some more challenging levels.","Shiness is an Action-RPG developed by indie development studio Enigami, which will let you travel in a captivating universe doomed to destruction ever since the fragmentation of the planet Mahera...","An opportunity to upgrade your Blitzkrieg 3 Standard Edition to Digital Deluxe Edition! Already have Standard Edition, but want more? With this DLC, you will upgrade it to a new, Digital Deluxe level!","An Historical Point &amp;amp; Click Casual Adventure. Discover the extraordinary story of Marco Polo. Back from 25 years of traveling, the Venetian explorer began recounting his adventures.","To save his beloved, a ruler must take up arms and pursue his adversary across three magical realms. With adventure to spare, an inspiring story of destiny, and gameplay that will hold you in a grip of excitement, MOAI 2: Path to Another World is an instant classic!","Experience pool and snooker like never before, thanks to the stunning HD graphics, fantastic playability and ultra realistic ball physics. Challenge a variety of stylish new opponents of different ability from beginner right up to pro level!",&amp;quot;Breakout Invaders&amp;quot; is a fun fusion between two classic game genres: &amp;quot;Breakout&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;Space Invaders&amp;quot;.,"A detailed 102-page strategy guide for Moonchild! Includes a complete walkthrough, detailed maps and all side quests!","A detailed 127-page strategy guide for 3 Stars of Destiny! Includes a complete walkthrough with maps, plus sidequests, relics/artifacts and all secret rooms!",An extensive 128-page strategy guide for Dreamscape! Includes a full walkthrough with detailed maps and battle strategies.,Great game with the cutest characters you ever imagined,Magical Eyes - Red is for Anguish is a thrilling mystery story revolving around a series of unfathomable incidents in a town.,A text adventure game about a 19th century explorer who finds himself stranded and alone.,Dungeon Hero is a classic style Dungeon Crawler with a Casual/Cartoony twist.,"Spy_Bugs is a flying game in which the protagonists are cyborg insects upgraded with high tech weapons. They can fly, land, fire weapons and make special attacks, each insect is a different character with a specific weapon, special attack and specific role.","Survival, horror at the sunless depths of the Pacific Ocean: Stranded on the seafloor with low light and few tools, an industrial diver takes desperate steps to surface before his oxygen — and sanity — give out.",Kill as many zombies as possible.,As a subatomic particle you start a journey into subatomic space! This arcade title takes you to the limits of your reaction speed - and with the powerful level editor you can create even harder challenges!,"Explore an endlessly shifting universe. Forge alliances with powerful alien races. Harness your crew’s skills, from research to archaeology to space combat. Do whatever it takes to get Home.","IPackthat - UV-Layout Packer - Commercial EditionTired of packing your UV-Layout for 3D Meshes?IPackThat is the go to tool for automatic uv packing, tested and used by industry professionals.This small handy tool will compress your UV-Layout and save you time, that can be better spent on creative tasks.","SECTOR is a simple hardcore classic shooter game that you play the role of Dimitri, he and ​​another scientists made fail biological tests and the infected enemies took possesion of technology evolution. Survive at this severe place, fighting against creatures and solving problems, now you need to place the order.","Enter the mechanical shape-shifting, dimension switching world of the award winning, high octane action-puzzle-platformer Mighty Switch Force! Hyper Drive Edition, and blow crime away.","Puzzle Station offers two game modes. Arcade Mode is a fast paced and more casual and the Puzzle Mode offers hand crafted puzzles, which will require more planning ahead.","Fine Sweeper is a Minesweeper variant with additional features such as a campaign mode, “classic mode”, item drops, leader-boards, and achievements.","Vernon's Legacy is an horror adventure with an enigmatic story that takes place nearly a century ago. You are playing as Robert, the new owner of Dunkenhof manor.","Party-style adventure game, set in a fantasy voxel world.","InsanZ is a retro-survival-horror-game of the latest generation. Discover the crazy world of InsanZ, face the nasty creatures from hell and survive to bring back balance to the world. Fight with over 13 different weapons against hordes of monsters, explore the dire world of InsanZ, discover old paths and hidden secrets, use the terrain...",Vindicator: Uprising is a platform shoot 'em up with pixel graphics and an epic orchestral soundtrack.,"Pilot a jumping tank through a maze of underground caverns and dungeons in search of new abilities you'll need to progress deeper into the levels. Each upgrade is hidden out of reach of your tank, and can only be obtained after exploring on foot.",Darkness sleeps just beneath the cracks on the ever-changing planet. The curious will uncover powerful artifacts and forge them anew. The strong will take the nanosword and crush galactic giants.,A playlist of amazing EDM featured in Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball.,"A post-apocalyptic adventure game set in a world where the player must search for food, water and essential supplies to survive. Discover a world filled with colourful NPCs, quests and secrets.","A romantic comedy visual novel centered around a girl named Mika Anderson, who gets entangled in the affairs of incubi.","Wish Project is a vertical shoot 'em up that features unique and challenging bullet patterns, 4 difficulties ranging from casual to hardcore, 8 unique playable characters, 6 stages, local co-op, unlockable characters and game modes, and an intuitive scoring system that encourages replay and mastery.",This is the original soundtrack for Earthtongue by Eric Hornby,"Free demo of the CopperCube 5 game engine: Create games without programming. Create 3D games, apps and even 3D websites quickly. Includes terrain editor, low poly modelling tools, 3D models, precreated game AI, effects and more.",The 'Art of BADLAND' digital art booklet and an ambient BADLAND Medley soundtrack,Colonize unused lands and protect the whole empire from a devastating famine! An exciting and entertaining mixture of time-management and strategy along with many teeming characters is waiting for you.,Avenging Angel is a story-driven FPS/Adventure game set in a Steampunk world.,"Featuring all 25 exclusive Data Hacker: Reboot tracks! Featuring all 25 exclusive Data Hacker: Reboot tracks! Composed by Scott Holmes of Elezeid Audio Studio, augmented by fellow composer Steven Yost, and ranging from piano melodies to epic orchestral scores!","Dwarven Brawl Bros is a local 2 to 6 player 2D fighting (brawling) game with a retroish feel. Play as a dwarf and kill your bros! Fast-paced brawling in all-vs-all and team settings with 31 weapons, 38 stages, 26 game modes!",From commanding the battle standing on the bridge of your flagship all the way down to tactical infantry firefights - AFF brings together all the combat you ever wanted.,"Miniature Gods is the fourth DLC available for 'Fortune's Tavern: The Fantasy Tavern Simulator!' In 'Miniature Gods' you get the chance to make new, unique allies in the form of spirits, demi-gods, and demons who will fight beside you as you quest in the Enchanted Forest or help you carry out raids on rival taverns.","BLOOD BRAWL is the first free DLC for Bloodsports.TV, including two new maps, four new items, a new boss as well as a brand new game mode: Blood Brawl!","Endless arcade action takes a modern twist, creating a uniquely challenging open space shoot-em-up experience. From brutal bosses to black holes and beyond, countless hazards await discovery. How long can you survive?","Albino Lullaby is a horror adventure game that doesn't rely on jump scares or gore. Escape from a surreal psychological nightmare.PLEASE KEEP IN MIND THIS IS AN OLDER DEMO, SO YOU MAY RUN INTO ISSUES NOT REFLECTED IN THE MAIN...",Superfight is a hilarious card game based on fights between characters with superpowers and super problems.,FLEETCOMM is a tactical squadron combat game overflowing with hardcore maneuvers and space-borne gunplay.,"Demon Hearts is a 2D platformer game that will leave you feeling blood thirsty for victory every time you play! Take the winged and dangerously swift Vampiress Snow through many challenging silhouette environments while withstanding the many divergent demons, evil forces, and bosses!","This DLC contains original soundtrack + some art. The Soundtrack contains 15 tracks in MP3 and FLAC formats. The lossless soundtrack is Steam exclusive! Art contains images of each in-game character in HD, some backgrounds and fun scenes.","Fairy Fencer F: Hot Springs Set includes Ethel's Hot Springs Set, Fang's Hot Springs Set, Galdo's Hot Springs Set, Harley's Hot Springs Set, Pippin's Hot Springs Set, Lola's Hot Springs Set, Sherman's Hot Springs Set, Tiara's Hot Springs Set, and [bp]Apollonius's Hot Springs Set[/b].","Fairy Fencer F: Swimwear Set includes Apollonius's Swimwear Set, Fang's Swimwear Set, Galdo's Swimwear Set, Pippin's Swimwear Set, and Sherman's Swimwear Set.","Fairy Fencer F: Additional Fairy Pack includes Additional Fairy Packs 1, 2, 3, and 4.Upon activation, this DLC cannot be disabled. Disabling may cause the program to be unstable and possibly result in a forced shutdown of the game. Before activating, please ensure that you wish to keep the content throughout the remainder of the game.","Fairy Fencer F: Surpass Your Limits Set includes Surpass Your Limits Sets 1, 2, and 3.Upon activation, this DLC cannot be disabled. Disabling may cause the program to be unstable and possibly result in a forced shutdown of the game. Before activating, please ensure that you wish to keep the content throughout the remainder of the game.","Fairy Fencer F: Ultimate Armor Pack includes Divine Jewelry, Armor Supreme, and The Ultimate Armor.","Fairy Fencer F: Weapon Change Accessory Set includes Weapon Change Accessory Sets Little Black, Green, Icons, Little Purple, Purple, Reaper, Little White, and Yellow.","Redshift Blueshift is a tournament-ready pong-like 2D shooter in which two pilots fight for glory in their variable paddle ships! Power up your shields, unleash a horde of drones and homing missiles on your opponent and keep the hyper-ball in play! Supports local multiplayer and single player vs AI. Gamepad strongly recommended.",Unleash your engineering creativity with an engaging and fresh bridge-building simulator with all the bells and whistles. Enjoy hours of physics-based puzzle solving in the Campaign and then jump in the Sandbox to create your own bridge designs and puzzles!,"Set in a huge open world, Dragon’s Dogma: Dark Arisen presents a rewarding action combat experience.","Forge your own path in Hollow Knight! An epic action adventure through a vast ruined kingdom of insects and heroes. Explore twisting caverns, battle tainted creatures and befriend bizarre bugs, all in a classic, hand-drawn 2D style.","Rugby League Team Manager 2015 puts you, the player, in the heart of the action, of managing your own Rugby League club. The season is long, and the challenges aplenty, as you navigate your way through domestic campaigns and international competitions, within officially licensed leagues.",&amp;quot;oO&amp;quot; is a hardcore minimal arcade game.,"HOOK is a short minimal, puzzle game.",[Updated on 4.28.16] BEDLAM is a strategic turn-based strategy game set in a post-apocalyptic wasteland. Now with more battle strategy!!,"This is the Official Soundtrack for Toren and includes 23 MP3s from the game. The live-recorded orchestral soundtrack was created to accompany Moonchild's journey in Toren. Embark on the rich musical adventure through the flowing notes and harmonies of this beautiful score, designed to immersive the player into the atmosphere of the game.","UfoPilot : Astro-Creeps Elite puts you at the controls of a nimble Vector-class starfighter in an epic mission to rid the galaxy of the pesky Astro-Creeps. A new twist on the classic Asteroids gameplay, with 7 powerups and 1024 permutations of gameplay settings.","Navigate your PC desktop with a controller! Put mouse, media and keyboard control in the palms of your hands so you'll never have to leave the couch again!","Enter a name into the game. Players will recruit, command, and fight you for all time! (All content must follow the guidelines.","Enter your name and backstory into the game. Players will recruit, command, and fight you for all time! (All content must follow the guidelines.","Enter a name and backstory into the game and appear as the leader of another faction! Players will recruit, command, and fight you for all time. (All content must follow the guidelines.","SHOFER Race Driver takes you deep into Middle East. Real cars, real tracks and also … . Some local music. Unlock new cars and tracks by participating in series of races and don’t worry about anything, because you’ll never be left alone, your partner lady will contact you to get you out of any trouble.","Hey, you just died. But don't worry! All the major religions were wrong! Instead of ascending to a new plane of existence, you are now self-employed in the Afterlife with your own haunted house to run. Keep people just scared enough to keep believing in you, but not enough to alert the local authorities.",Aero's Quest is a fast paced side scroller puzzle-platformer where the player have to lead Aero in his quest to save Ariella from the evil Andraus by solving puzzles throughout more than 100 colorful and challenging levels.,"As Barry the miner, scurry around the mines collecting diamonds before the ghosts can capture you.",Music from Sky Force Anniversary.,"Decromancer is a unique tactical card battle game that focuses on a huge, story-based single-player campaign. Battles are fought by placing cards on a grid and attempting to deal enough damage to your opponents empty slots.",The Lynx mother Inna and her cubs discovers a new area on their journey. A vast mountain landscape where dense lowland forests leads up to the vistas of the mountain tops. But they are not alone. The small family must use both wits and agility to outsmart the prey and predators spreading from this new world.,All the music in Block N Load in a handy portable format! Carry it with you always!,"Do you dream of flying without restrictions, getting as close as possible to mother nature? If yes, then 3D Paraglider is for you.",100ft Robot Golf is a fast-paced arcade golf game where you get to control impossibly large robots on their quest for par. Just swing your golf club to smash even the tallest buildings out of the way - or into the way of your robot golfing buddies.,"The world is shattering and you are the only hope to restore the balance. A thrilling and challenging 3D puzzle platformer game, Almightree: The Last Dreamer has you racing through a crumbling world to find your way to awaken the life giving Almightree.","Aurion: Legacy of the Kori-Odan is a 2D African Fantasy Action-RPG which seeks to innovate in this genre. The dynamic gameplay partly inspired by the old school &amp;quot;Tales of&amp;quot; series, focuses on 2D real-time combat sequences while the narration and its environment both draw deeply from African culture.","It's a platformer about magic and whacking things! What does that mean? It means you go around whacking enemies with your staff to get their magic! But ultimately, all you need to do is make it to the goal!","Rising Angels: Hope is the visual novel of Faye Moonfallow, her squad of somewhat loveable misfits, and their dreams of joining the Katajion Space Force.","From the creator of Spice and Wolf, Isuna Hasekura, comes World End Economica. Haru woke up with his life but without his dream. 4 years after the incident, he finds a new cause, as a driven young lady offers him a chance to return to investing and to find justice.","Get ready to enter a new era of physics platforming. Polyball is a classic ball rolling game in the vein of Super Monkey Ball, Marble Madness, and Marble Blast - while taking cues from games such as the Sonic series, Trials, and Mario Kart.","The Grim Fandango Remastered Official Soundtrack features remastered original music from composer Peter McConnell of Monkey Island 2, Grim Fandango, and Psychonauts fame. Recorded with the help of the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra, your ears are bound to be delighted.","Close Combat: Panthers in the Fog details the desperate German counter-attack at Mortain, the last chance of the Wehrmacht to stave off defeat in Normandy. Can you match the tenacity of the American defenders of Hill 314? Or can you succeed where the Panzers failed, driving through to the sea and changing history?","Kingdom is a 2D sidescrolling strategy/resource management hybrid with a minimalist feel wrapped in a beautiful, modern pixel art aesthetic.","Explore the lands of Sirenus Bay, God’s Garden, Whitebleak, Fort Ember, God Snare, and the mysterious Immortal’s Abyss. Are you brave enough for this adventure?",Visibility is a platformer that is completely dark until you place your lights. Each level has a limited set of lights which you must strategically place around the level in order to illuminate your path to the exit.,"Marble Muse is an indie physics based game, where you tilt the environment using gravity to navigate a marble through increasingly mind bending courses. Enter the inventor's workshop with many elaborate levels to master and many hidden secrets to discover.","You are Jillian Cleary: an ex-spy on the run, framed for treason and hunted by your former agency. You must move in secret, survive off the grid, and find a way to clear your name. Old friends and new allies will lend their support; but with the eyes of the world upon you, who can you trust?","A retro-inspired 2D Action RPG set in the distant future. CrossCode combines 16-bit SNES-style graphics with butter-smooth physics, a fast-paced combat system, and engaging puzzle mechanics, served with a gripping sci-fi story.",Action Henk Original Soundtrack by Alexander Wiklund,"60 Seconds! is a dark comedy atomic adventure of scavenge and survival. Collect supplies and rescue your family before the nuke hits. Stay alive in your fallout shelter. Make difficult decisions, ration food and hunt mutant cockroaches. And maybe survive. Or not.",A woman is interviewed seven times by the police. Search the video database and explore hundreds of authentic clips to discover her story in this groundbreaking and award winning narrative game.,"Join The Darkside Detective, Francis McQueen, as he investigates the bizarre, the supernatural and those missing cat cases that keep getting dropped on his desk.",Get access to all of the additional missions as well as access to website features to make your own scenarios!,"Access to all 5 Trio ships as well as everything included in the regular upgrade (scenarios, website features, etc.",The Deluxe pack features the 111-page Official Guide as well as a Comic Book of the introduction and 1280x960 Wallpapers of the characters.,"Pavel has been captured by the diabolical mastermind Lukas. Taken to Lukas's castle on his own private island, Pavel must make his way through the trap filled castle to regain his freedom.","Rememoried is an independent video game, a virtual place where memories change to dreams and the only possible way is forgetting, which becomes a mechanism for proceeding to the next layer of dreams. The Surrealist explorative first-person adventure game.","GeoVox is the latest application by Axis Game Factory, Inc. GeoVox is a completely new stand-alone Voxel based real-time terrain creation tool. Instantly create lush AAA quality environments from the start; carve, sculpt, and generate scenes like never before! Build, Play &amp;amp; Share.","London, 1868. In the heart of the Industrial Revolution, lead your underworld organization and grow your influence to fight those who exploit the less privileged in the name of...","An extensive 142-page strategy guide for Valiant: Resurrection! Includes a complete walkthrough with detailed, annotated maps.","15 haunting music tracks of Dustbowl, beautifully crafted by Alexandre Scire, a French composer.",This DLC includes the content from the Deluxe Edition of Karmaflow The Rock Opera Videogame.,Hurrican-like Bullet Hell. Avoid the rain of bullets to the rhythms of &amp;quot;dubstep&amp;quot;. Help the hero to defeat the aliens and to take revenge on the interstellar aggressor!,"Traverse a haunting world set in 1939 Germany in search of a mysterious girl with rabbit ears. Utilize a little bunny in creative ways to solve puzzles. Levitate sheep, use them as torches or wolf bait and make your way through a land that seems to not fancy you being alive.",Lead an elite fighting team battling for freedom from the sinister forces of the Earth Hegemony. Engage in combat on the bloody battlefields of four unique worlds. Encased in your Powered Battle Armour (PBA) you are an unstoppable fighting force.,Uncover the dark secrets of a cave with an endless supply of monsters and loot!,Timespinner is a beautiful 2D Metroidvania about a young woman who travels through time to destroy the empire that killed her family.,"In the depths of a labyrinthine ruin, a young girl named Mion rises from a deep sleep. Lost, alone, and with no memory of how she got here or where her parents are, she is greeted by two fireflies—one composed entirely of light, and another who lurks among the shadows.","Trapped in darkness, you must use visualized sound to guide your way through threatening environments. The sounds you create will bounce off obstacles, revealing the shape of the surrounding world. It won't be long before your only way of sensing the world attracts a horrifying evil that devours both sound and souls.","Professor Teaches Windows 8.1 is the quickest and easiest way to build your skills and improve your productivity with this new operating system. Unlike previous versions, Windows 8.1 is a completely new operating system and not an update.","The Citizen Kane of Super Crate Box clones - dance with death through randomised rooms to clear your space freighter of irradiated aliens in a brutal arcade platformer shooter stuffed to the brim with unlockable weapons, explosives, special abilities and defense moves.","A time paradox battle arena. Up to four mixed local / online players compete for victory while round after round their time compresses. Chaos and hilarity abound as rounds pile up, weaving time and players together.","Mysterious Space was originally created for the 2014 7-Day Rogue-Like competition, but has received many updates since! It features many familiar rogue-like elements - including potions, equipment, and procedurally-generated worlds - but is ultimately a side-scrolling action shooter.",This is a novel puzzle game. It creatively asks you to control two people simultaneously. The game consists of three chapters and the levels become more and more difficult. Its a perfect game to exercise your brain.,"Sirius Online is a unique, easy to play Space Action Shooter with Multiplayer components and ongoing progression. Join the Ranks of the Terran Reclaim Forces or the Sirius Colonial Council today and fight for your Faction! Explore forgotten battlefields, find Treasures, create an empire with your friends and rule the universe!","&amp;quot;I Am You From The Future! No Time To Explain, Follow m-OH CHRIST!&amp;quot; Chase your future self through time and alternate realities while fighting giant monsters, collecting hats, and eating cake! No Time To Explain Remastered is the remake of tinyBuild's debut game. Now with multiplayer!","Award-winning same-screen party racing for up to 16 players! Race brutal-cute aliens on exotic planets, using weapon powerups and physics-based vehicles to annihilate your competition in frantic round-based combat. Connect spare gamepads, laptops and smart devices as extra controllers.","Playing History'Vikings' is the newest chapter of the Playing History educational game series. The previous two titles in the 'Playing History-Series' have been rewarded with several awards. With 'Playing History: Vikings' we have kicked up the experience several notches by providing a fully realized 3D world to interact with, a deeper...","President for A Day: Floodings is a turn-based strategy game where YOU are the President of Pakistan. With two weeks to Election Day, the monsoon could not come at a worse time. And in its wake comes famine, cholera, rebels, and much more. Can you save the nation in its hour of need?","President for a Day- Corruption gives you the opportunity to assume the role of an African president. As such, you must make controversial decisions revolving around topics such as: democratic evolution, corruption, development aid- and cooperation.",Experience the intriguing and ear-defying original soundtrack to Last Word,"Adventure in the Tower of Flight is a retro-styled platformer in which you fly instead of jump! You are Wing, a young adventurer. Wing must climb a seeming endless the tower and collect all five known relics held within to become the ruler of the known world.",Aperture Laboratories presents the Heuristic Portal ® Pinball Device proving that science is not merely beneficial but also quite fun.,"Garbage Day is an open world sandbox game, in which you are stuck in a time loop (meaning you live the same day over and over). In this game you have to explore and interact to find out how to get out of the time loop. You are open to do anything you want, kill innocent people, go to work, watch tv, go to the park, etc.","Friends always manage, because they stick together, no matter what.","AR-K: The Great Escape is the third episode in the classic point and click saga of AR-K. Help Alicia Van Volish to escape from District 8 and discover the source of the mysterious Golden Sphere through a great story, written by the 3 times Eisner award-winning writer Greg Rucka.","Revel in a brilliant story, fast-paced puzzles and thrillingly designed levels in reportedly the first adventure of the action adventure platformer saga about Bob, a truly brilliant fellow from Sekotwana!",Official Soundtrack of The Magic Circle.,"The soundtrack to the indie action-adventure, Axiom Verge. Created solely by Tom Happ.",Jigoku Kisetsukan is a bullet hell shootergame with anime-style drawings and chip music.,"&amp;quot;By chance, there were items for survival in the last bag I picked up before I got a shipwreck - From the journal of a adventurer&amp;quot;","Something has gone horribly wrong on fuel station Zeta. All of the robots have gone haywire. It is up to you, a lone maintenance bot, to help a friendly space traveler fuel up his ship and get home. Explore your way through a dangerous labyrinth of traps and hostile robots.","Force of Elements is the game of head-to-head combat where your field of battle is a match 3 gem board. Choose a unique hero, swap gems to unlock elemental mana and annihilate your opponent in fast-paced battles that will leave you hungry for one more round.","The main character wakes up in a tunnel of the subway and tries to find out that happened to it and other passengers of the train. To understand that after all it happened to the gone passengers, the player should investigate strange catacombs being deeply underground.","Pongo is a 3D action platformer that combines pogo stick jumps with strategic FPS combat. Grab your Pongo, a tool usable as either a pogo stick or a gun, and traverse the vast islands of Flubber.",A single player metroidvania 3D game with cooperative gameplay. Find out what's going on by taking control of distinct characters and change between them whenever you want. An unique mix of 3rd person shooter and challenging puzzles!,"Vinyl is a dynamic indie music game created by graduate students at the University of Utah EAE program, that experiments with the aesthetic distance between gameplay and music.","Yargis is a fast paced, top down spaceship shooter. Customize your ship to join a battle online or offline. Yargis is focused on team based, close combat action. The game has a variety of battle and co-op game modes and a powerful editor make Yargis a great game!","Ancient deities, extra-planar elder gods, and dark spirits threaten the very fabric of reality! Includes The Argent Adept, NightMist, Akash'Bhuta, Apostate, The Ennead, GloomWeaver, Realm of Discord, and Tomb of Anubis.","His body stolen by an angry wizard, an ordinary man must venture into a surreal and magical world. Facing off against a menagerie of foes and gruelling obstacles with his surprising mobility and psychic powers he discovers something important about himself and about goddamned wizards.",Slain: Back from Hell. A heavy metal inspired arcade combat with puzzle elements and gore galore. Stunning visuals and true old school gameplay accompanied by the most metal soundtrack you've ever heard.,"Age of Survival is survival simulation crafting game from Seattletek. Your player has been stranded on an island not far off of the coast of Africa where you will encounter creatures like boar, elephant, lions, hippos, crocs, rhinos, and tons of sea life.","Predator Simulator is an action arcade RPG packed with endless gameplay and new missions for every game session. On a quest to become a true Lion born, you get to save the planet by wiping out humanity from the face of the earth. Yeah.... didn't you always want to do that anyway? Now is your chance!","The Swindle is a steampunk cybercrime caper about breaking into buildings, hacking their systems, stealing all their cash, and quickly running away again before the police show up.","Cyberpunk visual novel about the growing up of a girl from the suburbs who dreams of a life in the big city. It's also about a conspiracy, hacking, surveillance, but most importantly about friendship. Standalone version.",Night time is fun time! After Dark is the first expansion to the hugely popular classic city simulation Cities: Skylines. The game expands on the repertoire of features and customizations designed to enhance the thrill as well as maintain the challenge of the city building experience.,"Humankind is on the brink to discover the secret of eternal life. Fearful of their existence, angels and demons make a pact to proclaim the apocalypse enabling them to materialize on earth and fight the humans.",Create your own professional quality videogames without any programming or scripting. Create games using a simple yet powerful drag-and-drop interface and fine-tune items to customise your game. The Shoot 'Em Up Kit provides a wide range of features to create the game you always imagined.,"Join Section 9 in a first person shooter experience. Become a member of an elite force of cybernetically enhanced combat operatives dedicated to the defense of society, and use your advanced firepower, Tachikoma Tanks and unique cyber skills to bring down cyber terrorists in a connected world.",Original Soundtrack of Crazy Steam Bros 2. Feel the Steam Age!,"Join Po, Tigress, Monkey, Tai Lung, Master Shifu, and all of your favorite Kung Fu Panda characters as they compete in the thrilling Showdown of Legendary Legends. Up to four players can face-off in iconic locations throughout the Valley of Peace and beyond.","Essentially, Megatect is a multiplayer map builder without limitation! Use a plethora of blocks, objects, and wires to create your own challenge maps, arenas, new sport, whatever you can dream up!","Titanic: The Game takes place aboard the R.M.S. Titanic on her fateful maiden voyage across the Atlantic. The player’s avatar is a young socialite, Margaret Ashley, one of the fortunate unfortunates who sailed on Titanic and survived.","Insanely addictive, easy to learn, impossible to master! Airport Madness is an airport strategy game. Designed by real air traffic controllers, Airport Madness captures the fun aspects of air traffic control. The decisions and actions you make in this game are identical to real-world airport ops.","What time is it? It’s time to crack a case! Adventure Time: Finn and Jake Investigations is an all-new, story-driven graphic adventure game. This mysterious adventure will put Finn and Jake’s detective skills to the test as they search for clues, interrogate witnesses, bust a few goons, and piece together the evidence to save the day!","Monstro takes the traditional tRPG gameplay and reconstructs it into a completely deterministic, logical experience with a twist of tactics. All of this is spiced up with ridiculous, tongue-in-cheek lore and approachable difficulty.",The official Soundtrack for In Exilium. 16 official tracks with a couple extra tracks and images.,"Summer break, a time to relax and have fun. But what's the difference between a good summer and a great summer? Spending money, of course! And what better way to earn some extra cash than a car wash? Unfortunately, the local branch of Ninja Car Washing Corp. is right across the street and they don’t appreciate the competition...","Battle against rival fantasy armies in this fast paced turn based strategy game. Fight powerful bosses while you hunt for treasure in dungeon mode, play through over one hundred single player missions in campaign mode, or match wits against your friends in multiplayer.",Original music composed by Maggie McLean for the game Knight &amp;amp; Damsel by MK-ULTRA Games. Includes nine tracks.,Scourge of War: Waterloo follows in the footsteps of its American Civil War predecessors and takes the action to one of the most famous battles in history. It is by far the most detailed game about the final battle of the War of the Seventh Coalition.,"Help little kittens to get into the house, reach their favorite basket and fall asleep. To do this, you need to arrange all the things and mechanisms inside the house for creating fantastic chain reactions, in order to open the door!",The Soundtrack for the game Life Of Pixel,Solve the mystery of Mnemosyne Asylum!,"The original soundtrack of old-school retro platformer Flem, by composer Jens Kristian Mørkeby Rimau. Enjoy these 8-bit inspired chiptunes that capture the essence of a pixel booger ball's life.","Guns and Goblins brings two new things to the world of Fortune's Tavern: Guns and Goblins! Features: *Build new rooms in a dank cave so that Goblins will visit your tavern, *Build new Goblin specific tavern features, *Speak to 14 new Goblin guests *Work with the Goblin engineer to create a new weapon: the gun *Enjoy a new way of killing...","Professor Why disappears mysteriously. You have to fly to his space base Muta to investigate what happened. The supercomputer CORE may be responsible for his disappearance. You need to face one of its infected robots, The Quantum Eye and solve all of its puzzles.",This DLC include Premium airplane and othersPremium Airplane &amp;quot;[Fa223] Berta Hildebrand&amp;quot;Pre. Upgrade Kit x 20100 HIS$Love Potion x 10Decal; German [W]*Only one chance to buy one DLC per an account.*It is not eligible to buy the same item in game once DLC purchase has been made.,This DLC include Premium airplane and othersPremium Airplane &amp;quot;[Do335] Berta Hildebrand&amp;quot;Pre. Upgrade Kit x 20100 HIS$Love Potion x 10Decal; German[W]*Only one chance to buy one DLC per an account.*It is not eligible to buy the same item in game once DLC purchase has been made.,HIS - [Me262] Berta Hildebrand Pack,HIS - [J7W1] Berta Hildebrand Pack,This DLC include Premium airplane and othersPremium Airplane &amp;quot;[P-61C] Berta Hildebrand&amp;quot;Pre. Upgrade Kit x 20100 HIS$Love Potion x 10Decal; U.S.A [W]*Only one chance to buy one DLC per an account.*It is not eligible to buy the same item in game once DLC purchase has been made.,This DLC include Premium airplane and othersPremium Airplane &amp;quot;[XB-35] Julia Mackin Pack&amp;quot;Pre. Upgrade Kit x 20100 HIS$Love Potion x 10Decal; U.S.A [W]*Only one chance to buy one DLC per an account.*It is not eligible to buy the same item in game once DLC purchase has been made.,This DLC include Premium airplane and othersPremium Airplane &amp;quot;Supermarin Stranraer&amp;quot;Pre. Upgrade Kit x 20100 HIS$Love Potion x 10Decal; Great Britain [W]*Only one chance to buy one DLC per an account.*It is not eligible to buy the same item in game once DLC purchase has been made.,This DLC include Premium airplane and othersPremium Airplane &amp;quot;[Kalinin K-7] Julia Mackin Pack&amp;quot;Pre. Upgrade Kit x 20100 HIS$Love Potion x 10Decal; USSR [W]*Only one chance to buy one DLC per an account.*It is not eligible to buy the same item in game once DLC purchase has been made.,This DLC include Premium airplane and othersPremium Airplane &amp;quot;[BV P188] Julia Mackin Pack&amp;quot;Pre. Upgrade Kit x 20100 HIS$Love Potion x 10Decal; U.S.A [W]*Only one chance to buy one DLC per an account.*It is not eligible to buy the same item in game once DLC purchase has been made.,This DLC include Premium airplane and othersPremium Airplane &amp;quot;[AVRO Spade] Julia Mackin Pack&amp;quot;Pre. Upgrade Kit x 20100 HIS$Love Potion x 10Decal; Great Britain [W]*Only one chance to buy one DLC per an account.*It is not eligible to buy the same item in game once DLC purchase has been made.,This DLC include Premium airplane and othersPremium Airplane &amp;quot;[XB-53] Julia Mackin Pack&amp;quot;Pre. Upgrade Kit x 20100 HIS$Love Potion x 10Decal; U.S.A [W]*Only one chance to buy one DLC per an account.*It is not eligible to buy the same item in game once DLC purchase has been made.,This DLC include Premium airplane and othersAvatar &amp;quot;[J7W1] Dude&amp;quot;Pre. Upgrade Kit x 20100 HIS$Love Potion x 10Decal; Japan [W]*Only one chance to buy one DLC per an account.*It is not eligible to buy the same item in game once DLC purchase has been made.*Items earned from DLC purchase is provided through gift box.,"All you have is a basic ship, barely fit for combat, with it you'll start your journey and empire. A space sandbox, inspired by the classics and standing on their shoulders.","Enter the Blacksea Odyssey, a violent top-down rogue-lite space shoot ‘em up RPG brimming with colossal creatures and runic technologies. Explore dangerous, interstellar spacescapes as you hunt enormous space-behemoths with a harpoon and rune-infused spears.","You are the hero inside the storybook of an obsessed author pondering with his life’s work. Explore repeating worlds, befriend a talking scarecrow and swing your sword really fast, while uncovering the true, overarching adventure within.",Spectra is a dynamic twitch racing game that will keep you on the edge of your seat! Blast your nimble ship down intricate ribbons of light in time to the dynamic beats and original soundtrack by chiptune artist legend Chipzel.,"NotGTAV is a ruthless Snake-like parody of GTAV set in the UK. Join us on a shonky hand-drawn voyage across Britain’s green and pleasant lands. Play as Daffyd, Darren and British Prime Minister David Cameron in this satirical cult-hit game. Not for the easily offended.","Treeker: The Lost Glasses is a first-person adventure game, with puzzle and platform elements. Use the lens to advance in the game, and discover the secrets of these forgotten islands.",Unravel the mystery of your grandfather's disappearance while preventing a terrible evil from destroying your island home. Tanzia is a single-player RPG that combines fast-paced strategic combat with elements of favorite classic RPGs in an open 3D world of magic and monsters.,"Warden's Edition — Includes Moonrise base game, an exclusive Solari skin, and a bundle of premium ingame content offered at far less than the regular price.","Guildmaster's Edition — Includes Moonrise base game, two exclusive Solari skins, and a bundle with even more premium in-game content at less than the regular price.",Play the game with an Ongaku-style DJ deck and vinyl records.,Play &amp;quot;Modern Day Cowboy&amp;quot; by Tesla on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Frankenstein&amp;quot; by The Edgar Winter Group on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Balls To The Wall&amp;quot; by Accept, “All Right Now” by Free, “Modern Day Cowboy” by Tesla and &amp;quot;Frankenstein&amp;quot; by The Edgar Winter Group on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Jerry Was A Race Car Driver&amp;quot; by Primus on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Tommy the Cat&amp;quot; by Primus on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Wynona’s Big Brown Beaver&amp;quot; by Primus on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;South Park Theme&amp;quot; by Primus on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Jerry Was A Race Car Driver&amp;quot;, “Tommy the Cat”, “Wynona’s Big Brown Beaver” and &amp;quot;South Park Theme&amp;quot; by Primus on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;On the Road Again&amp;quot; by Willie Nelson on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;King of the Road&amp;quot; by Roger Miller on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;I’m So Lonesome I Could Cry&amp;quot; by Hank Williams on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;On the Road Again” by Willie Nelson, &amp;quot;King of the Road” by Roger Miller, and “I’m So Lonesome I Could Cry” by Hank Williams on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Still Counting&amp;quot; by Volbeat on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Heaven Nor Hell&amp;quot; by Volbeat on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Lola Montez&amp;quot; by Volbeat on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Fallen&amp;quot; by Volbeat on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;A Warrior’s Call&amp;quot; by Volbeat on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Still Counting&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Heaven Nor Hell&amp;quot;, “Lola Montez”, “Fallen” and &amp;quot;A Warrior’s Call&amp;quot; by Volbeat on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Tuesday’s Gone&amp;quot; by Lynyrd Skynyrd on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Gimme Three Steps&amp;quot; by Lynyrd Skynyrd on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Call Me The Breeze&amp;quot; by Lynyrd Skynyrd on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Tuesday’s Gone&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Gimme Three Steps&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Call Me The Breeze&amp;quot; by Lynyrd Skynyrd on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Possum Kingdom&amp;quot; by The Toadies on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Another One Bites the Dust&amp;quot; by Queen on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Silent Lucidity&amp;quot; by Queensrÿche on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Rock and Roll Queen&amp;quot; by The Subways on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Sir Duke&amp;quot; by Stevie Wonder on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Possum Kingdom” by The Toadies, &amp;quot;Another One Bites the Dust” by Queen, “Silent Lucidity” by Queensrÿche, “Rock and Roll Queen” by The Subways, and &amp;quot;Sir Duke” by Stevie Wonder on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Epic&amp;quot; by Faith No More on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Midlife Crisis&amp;quot; by Faith No More on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Falling to Pieces&amp;quot; by Faith No More on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;From Out of Nowhere&amp;quot; by Faith No More on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Digging the Grave&amp;quot; by Faith No More on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Epic&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Midlife Crisis&amp;quot;, “Falling to Pieces”, “From Out of Nowhere” and &amp;quot;Digging the Grave&amp;quot; by Faith No More on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Rock Around the Clock&amp;quot; by Bill Haley &amp;amp; His Comets on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;La Bamba&amp;quot; by Ritchie Valens on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Tequila&amp;quot; by The Champs on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Rock Around the Clock” by Bill Haley &amp;amp; His Comets, &amp;quot;La Bamba” by Ritchie Valens, and “Tequila” by The Champs on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Story Of My Life&amp;quot; by Social Distortion on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Ball and Chain&amp;quot; by Social Distortion on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Bad Luck&amp;quot; by Social Distortion on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Reach For The Sky&amp;quot; by Social Distortion on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Story Of My Life&amp;quot;, “Ball and Chain”, “Bad Luck” and &amp;quot;Reach For The Sky&amp;quot; by Social Distortion on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Are You Gonna Be My Girl&amp;quot; by Jet on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Rock of Ages&amp;quot; by Def Leppard on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Go Your Own Way&amp;quot; by Fleetwood Mac on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Dust In the Wind&amp;quot; by Kansas on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Are You Gonna Be My Girl&amp;quot; by Jet, “Rock of Ages” by Def Leppard, “Go Your Own Way” by Fleetwood Mac and &amp;quot;Dust In The Wind&amp;quot; by Kansas on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Love Spreads&amp;quot; by The Stone Roses on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;I Wanna Be Adored&amp;quot; by The Stone Roses on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;She Bangs The Drums&amp;quot; by The Stone Roses on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Love Spreads&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;I Wanna Be Adored&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;She Bangs The Drums&amp;quot; by The Stone Roses on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.","Play &amp;quot;September&amp;quot; by Earth, Wind &amp;amp; Fire on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.","Play &amp;quot;Shining Star&amp;quot; by Earth, Wind &amp;amp; Fire on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.","Play &amp;quot;Sing A Song&amp;quot; by Earth, Wind &amp;amp; Fire on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.","Play &amp;quot;September&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Shining Star&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Sing A Song&amp;quot; by Earth, Wind &amp;amp; Fire on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Dirty Little Secret&amp;quot; by The All-American Rejects on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Move Along&amp;quot; by The All-American Rejects on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Gives You Hell&amp;quot; by The All-American Rejects on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Dirty Little Secret&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Gives You Hell&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Move Along&amp;quot; by The All-American Rejects on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;People Are Strange&amp;quot; by The Doors on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Break on Through (to the Other Side)&amp;quot; by The Doors on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;L.A. Woman&amp;quot; by The Doors on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;People Are Strange&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;L.A. Woman&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Break on Through (to the Other Side)&amp;quot; by The Doors on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;So Cold&amp;quot; by Breaking Benjamin on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Polyamorous&amp;quot; by Breaking Benjamin on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Blow Me Away (ft. Valora)&amp;quot; by Breaking Benjamin on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;So Cold&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Polyamorous&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Blow Me Away (ft. Valora)&amp;quot; by Breaking Benjamin on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;The Quiet Things That No One Ever Knows&amp;quot; by Brand New on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Sic Transit Gloria... Glory Fades&amp;quot; by Brand New on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Toonstruck combines live action, cell animation, and an all star cast: Christopher Lloyd, Ben Stein, Dan Castellaneta, Tim Curry, and Dom DeLuise, for a not-to-be-missed adventure through a zany cartoon world on the brink of total Malevalation!","Guzzle brains and keep the zombie conga alive! Brain Guzzler is an action packed classic where you take control of the zombie outbreak. Gobble up humans and add them to your Zombie chain, but remember don’t eat yourself, zombies taste bad! Keen reflexes are your best weapon to avoid obstacles and catch those delicious human morsels.","Riddled corpses is Arcade game 8/16bits. we will have hordes of zombies and all kinds of monsters, all created with love pixel art.",Play the game with a Guy Fawkes style Ongaku and firework notes,Jack O' Lantern Pack - Play the game with a Jack O' Lantern style Ongaku and eyeball paint bubbles.,Pixel Pack - Play the game with a pixel style Ongaku and pixel paint bubbles.,Pop Pack - Play the game with an Ongaku-style microphone and pop discs.,Rock Pack - Play the game with an Ongaku-style electric guitar and plectrums.,Play the game with a colourful a DJ trippy triangle with pointy notes,Play the game with a colourful a DJ trippy orb with pointy notes,Play the game with a Zombie style Ongaku and coloured brains!,"This is an intense strategy board game in a steampunk world of corrupt capitalist gremlins who compete for money, political power and prestige. Save and invest, steal and extort, arrest and get arrested – in single-player and multiplayer, with ranks and ladders, team mode and spectator mode.",Customize Geralt of Rivia to your liking with this amazing set of beards and hairstyles.,Check out this entirely new look for the mighty sorceress Yennefer of Vengerberg!,Miners from a small Skellige village are disappearing. Investigate and find out what's happening!,Templar Battleforce is an addictive mix of strategic combat and army building with the precision of an RPG. Step into the pilot suit of a Leviathan mech and lead the Templar Knights in battle against fierce enemies.,"Zahhak has Sasha's body and is going to use it to claim the powers of the Immortals. Lilly has vowed to stop Zahhak at whatever cost, even if she has to kill her own sister to do it. Continue your journey from Curse of the Immortals with new puzzles, new skills, runes and trinkets, new characters and 10 new pets, two of which can join...","Scarab Tales is a casual puzzle game in Egyptian theme. Lead scarabaeus bugs to safety by clicking on them and various level elements. Solve 100 original challenging levels, gain achievements and compete with other players in crossplatform score chart and global leaderboards.",Coffee Shop Tycoon is a management game in which you take control of your own coffee shop. Will you thrive and become a popular coffee shop or die trying? Everything lies in your hands.,"Wyrmsun is a real-time strategy game which features elements of mythology, history and fiction.","Breezeblox is an addictive puzzle game where the objective is to reach the end cube without moving off the platform. Special cubes throughout the puzzles will trigger different actions on the platform to aid you with progressing. With 150 challenging puzzles to complete, your brain will be plenty busy.","Axis Football is a 3D American Football Simulation Game that features a unique aimed passing system. Play in a single match, season mode, or local multiplayer! Offers basic mod support for team rosters.",Ongaku Music Soundtrack for all levels in the game,"Take Jethro the Lion on a magical journey, traversing space and time to prevent the imminent collapse of the universe. Oh and your friend Ronald the Bear is missing, maybe you can find him whilst you’re out exploring?","Nebulous is a physics-based puzzle game where you must help guide Commander Dash Johnson, a trapped astronaut, through maze-like levels, seeking the next wormhole to his eventual freedom. Arrange the pieces so that when he falls, gravity guides him safely (and probably painfully) to the end!","LOOP is a tranquil puzzle game, with a unique, simple, meditative feel. Inspired by Zen philosophy, the minimal UI has no timers, move limit or score; allowing you to just relax and focus. Includes over 1 BILLION Levels and a colour blind mode.","Front Wars is a turn-based strategy game. Take control of allied troops and revive the great battles of the second world war in a tense campaign against the german army, or you can challenge your friends online.","Do you love puzzles with dropping, pushing and connecting artifacts ? Then welcome to our matching artifacts game with brains ( brain not included, you’ll have to use yours...","Ruzh Delta Z is a frenzied shoot-em-up which draws inspiration from classics such as Gradius, DoDonPachi, and R-Type. Shoot your way through perilous stages and wreck thousands of rogue vessels in your quest to become the ultimate pilot.","[A mystery/horror visual novel about dreams, reality, human bonds, and survival with a surprise [?] ending!","FIRMA is a space flight arcade game. Your job is simply to pilot a fast, highly manoeuvrable lander craft across the Moon and Mars where you’ve begun work as a courier. You must navigate, race and deliver vital supplies to scientific bases in hostile environments.","A beautifully illustrated, 2D top-down game with a focus on zen-like journeying, light puzzling, precision-platforming and fallen gods.",The engine rotates by you.Fight it. Through new maps against strong opponents Fight with the latest technology.Get the DLC cult game Insanz.,"NBA 2K is back with the most true-to-life NBA experience to date with NBA 2K16. Featuring an all-new MyCAREER experience written, directed &amp;amp; produced by acclaimed filmmaker Spike Lee.","Special Agent Jim Power-The supernatural alien, Vaprak, threatens to defeat our world which is the last planet that stands between him and a dimensional vortex.","--The way it was, Just like it is now, On a bright, bright summer day. &amp;quot;That's a promise, right?&amp;quot; The girl in a white dress said. Sunny sky. A paper plane slid across it, riding on blue winds.","8-Bit Adventures: The Forgotten Journey Remastered Edition is a retro-styled JRPG with polish and personality, that focuses less on references and more on telling a story...","Tompi Jones is a fun platform game in 2.5d inspired in classic platform games. You can play across six worlds between jungles, forests, medieval villages, Aztec pyramids, castles and cemeteries. You must avoid the traps and defeat your enemies with projectile weapons, fighting with the sword or with special items.","The only thing uglier than this Mako's face, is its temperament. Born with a genetic abnormality that caused its teeth to form into jagged 'saws', it is more than capable of tearing prey limb from limb, and has been responsible for a rash of attacks on wreck divers in recent months.",The only proof of this beast's existence is the trail of dismembered bodies it leaves in its wake. The few who claim to have seen it speak of a monstrous tiger shark that strikes without warning and then disappears into the darkness.,"TIS-100 is an open-ended programming game by Zachtronics, the creators of SpaceChem and Infinifactory, in which you rewrite corrupted code segments to repair the TIS-100 and unlock its secrets. It’s the assembly language programming game you never asked for!","A collection of 15 songs by musician Souleye, with over 75 song charts. Featuring remixed songs from the hit Indie game VVVVVV! Also includes two VVVVVV-themed noteskins and a VVVVVV background animation.","Path to the Sky is a roguelite platformer that lets you explore a beautiful world of flying islands with randomly generated caves, monsters and treasures. Climb your way to the top while combining items for unique combat effects each run and enjoy the mix of retro aesthetics and modern effects.",Think you're having chicken for dinner this Christmas? Think again.,New problems are hatching this Easter! Can you fight off an army of invading Easter Bunnies?,The turkeys revolted three years ago. Will mankind ever have Thanksgiving again?,"The amazing pulse pounding soundtrack for Horizon Shift, produced by Jason Heine of Heine House Entertainment. These original compositions are a fusion of House, Electronica and Chiptune.",''No70: Eye of Basir'' is a story based first person perspective adventure game which focused on investigation. Players will help Aras and Erhan to solve the mystery about Basir and the No70 house.,Original Space Rogue Soundtrack. Composed by Vladislav Isaev and Elena Isaeva. Performed by Orion's Loop.,"With its own unique battle system and a wide selection of characteristic angels, the girls are appearing on Steam for the first time in [Arcana Heart 3 LOVE MAX!!!!!]!!","A non-shooting shoot 'em up where you must grow, make friends, and survive together.","A Cold War super computer has gone rogue and is printing launch codes for a first strike. There is only one way to prevent nuclear Armageddon; enter the dot matrix, collect the codes, and defeat the ASCII army. ASCII Attack is a retro style indie action title inspired by arcade games of yesteryear.",The Soundtrack to The Blue Flamingo presented by Retro Family.,"Devilishly difficult but insanely rewarding physics puzzler. Play through 85 levels of diverse and ingenious physics-based challenges. If you like Super Monkey Ball, Marble Madness, or Peggle, this one is for you.","Be prepared for high-speed races against challenging AI pilots on huge, futuristic race tracks. Destroy your opponents with mounted cannons and special pick-up weapons, upgrade and fly different racers in a vast and spectacular environment on earth and in space.","8-Bit Adventures: The Forgotten Journey Remastered Edition is a retro-styled JRPG with polish and personality, that focuses less on references and more on telling a story...Please note that this is a Demo version of the game.",War on an Epic scale from Moscow to Berlin – this is War in the East!,"Challenge the darkness with your swift orb matching skills, mighty magical enchantments and earthshaking powerups. Match the orbs before they fall into the abyss and find your way through mysterious lands of startling beauty!",The first tycoon game based on the geek universe!,Color Assembler is an abstract color mixing puzzle game. Connect the starting colors to various shapes that manipulate colors in their unique way. The goal is to create the target color.,Sinister City - Original Sound Track,"Gem Wars is a hardcore combat platformer with unique mixing of weapon elements for online/local couch play. Layers of complexity will have you coming back for more. Endless ways to play: new Infection Mode, Survival Mode, 7 Battle Modes with tons of mods and single player Challenges.",Come and join Hello Kitty with her best friends in this action-packed Family Racing Party never before available on Steam!,"Play as Rowan, a secluded witch with a bad temper, in this intense adventure worth 30-40 hours of gameplay!","Sidni Larkhearst lived a simple life, delivering messages for her village, until her home is attacked by vampires one night. To her horror, Sidni learns that Dracula, the most feared vampire of all time is hunting her. But why? Find out in this exciting 16-bit RPG from the &amp;quot;Valiant&amp;quot; team.","The official soundtrack from &amp;quot;Invisible, Inc.&amp;quot;, the tactical espionage game from Klei Entertainment, the independent studio behind the hit games Mark of the Ninja and Don't Starve.Containing original music composed and arranged by Vince de Vera and Jason Garner, this soundtrack DLC contains all of the game music, in FLAC and...","In this 16-bit style RPG, Gallow and Liza are two teenagers gifted with great powers, and that destiny seems to persist in keeping away from each other, however their feelings drive them close. Can the two of them have what it takes to preserve the world from the rise of the Blight?","Undefeated's devs are back with a bigger, better tale of a man seeking revenge for the cruel murders of his wife and son. Can Jerrat achieve his aim without ceasing to be the man his wife loved? Find out in this great 16-bit style RPG, where the tale of a common man intertwines with the destiny of a nation.","More 16-bit RPG goodness from Warfare Studios with this dark and thrilling adventure. Can you solve the mystery of the Monastery? Brave the unknown terrors inside, find hidden rooms and secret chambers, and unlock the mysterious past before the sun comes up, and you may get out alive!","Enjoy another classic 16-bit RPG from Warfare Studios of Vagrant Hearts, Ashes of Immortality and Valiant fame, and embark on a quest with Viktor as he makes new friends, experiences dreams, and discovers his destiny.",The 6th release of the &amp;quot;Nobunaga's Ambition&amp;quot; historical simulation game series has been reborn at the STEAM store as &amp;quot;Tenshouki with Power-up Kit HD Version.&amp;quot; Players become the rulers of their clans and aim to unify the country under their leadership.,"Dungeoncraft is a fantasy real time strategy game featuring multiplayer sandbox survival type gameplay, dynamic world expansion, and 3D grid based digging and building.","Holodrive is a super fast-paced collectable 2D multiplayer shooter. Create your robot, customize it and jetpack your way to victory!",Explore magical lands and discover your inner self in this exciting 16-bit style RPG from the same team that made Vagrant Hearts and Ashes of Immortality and featuring up to 20-30 hours of playtime.,The ultimate space capital ship combat sim is getting a visual makeover.,"Rugby Challenge 3 features Rugby Sevens, Over 11 Competitions, Be a Pro Mode plus more. Create custom players and teams then shared online across all platforms using the all new FanHub. Sporting great licenses such as the All Blacks, Wallabies, Springboks and England!","Command a team of ruthless highway warriors on the gang-infested highways of North America’s wastelands in this RealTimeShift Vehicular Action Strategy reboot of the cult-classic Games Workshop car combat game. An alternative America 2023: too wild to be true, too close for comfort.","Recreate the Middle Kingdom, right here on your tiny Castaway Paradise! Don't drop that vase, though: we only have one of those!","Set in the 90's, Kathy Rain tells the story of a strong-willed journalism major who has to come to terms with her own troubled past as she investigates the mysterious death of her recently deceased grandfather.",Cosmophony is a musical shooter designed for demanding gamers seeking an original and intense experience.,"The ultimate couch fragger gibfest! Armed with a powerful shotgun, bullet deflecting shield and power-up tarot cards, 2 to 4 local players will battle it out to collect each others souls in 9 different competitive game modes across 4 realms &amp;amp; 40 arenas. This is frantic local multiplayer action at its bloodiest!",Master your Machines with Train Simulator: Epic Journeys EditionEnjoy these three epic routes:SOLDIER SUMMITThe stunning plains and valley passes of Utah make Soldier Summit one of the best loved mountain passes of the western United States.,"Two new versions of Unlimited Escape in one bundle! Twice the fun, and tons of new features!",RUN! JUMP! DASH! Step into your cart and begin this exploring frenzy! Accelerate through these insanely fast rails while tap to avoid the obstacles!,"Nomad Fleet is a RTS game where you must lead the last remnants of Mankind to safety after a mysterious alien race has hunted them near extinction. Lead a fully armed fleet of battleships, carriers and fighters through a series of randomized scenarios and encounters where they must fight for their survival while scavenging for resources,...",,"Corrosive Studios is proud to introduce Waste Walkers! A unique, post-apocalyptic role playing game. Waste Walkers allows players to discover the horrors of the apocalypse through a harsh struggle for survival.",An extensive 124-page strategy guide for Midnight's Blessing! Includes a complete walkthrough with maps.,"Take on wild beasts, ruthless soldiers, and ancient gods in this 2D Action-Platformer inspired by Tower-Defense combat.","Fast paced, first person adventure aboard Noah's ark!",Making History Gold Edition is the expanded and updated version of the original WWII grand strategy game Making History: Calm &amp;amp; the Storm. Command your nation and change the course of history.,"Halcyon 6: Starbase Commander is a retro space strategy RPG with base building, deep tactical combat, crew management and emergent storytelling.","The game GRIDBERD is an action horror game in the first person, in which you have to solve the terrible mystery of the ancestral Johnson Mansion.","&amp;quot;Beware adventurer! The danger here is far beyond your skills, do not risk your miserable life.... Still there? Interesting.","When ten executives secretly meet to sell off their company, they're murdered one by one in this darkly comedic romp through the halls of corporate America.","Out of the closet and into the arcade! Gaming In Color is a feature documentary exploring the queer side of gaming: the queer gaming community, gaymer culture and events, and the rise of LGBTQ themes in video games.","After Holly encounters her childhood bully, she becomes empowered in her regular life where she quickly takes on other everyday bullies. But revenge is a slippery slope.","In this puzzle game called Rolling Shapes, we will try to save the world manipulating geometric shapes through multiple and varied levels.",A documentary about what video games have become in the 21st century and how they've transcended art and technology on their way to becoming a leading cultural influence on creativity everywhere.,"When a washed-up actor hangs himself on location, a spotlight is cast on the backwater Florida town of Cypress Knee. Your screen becomes a stage on which you investigate this mysterious death as three distinct characters.","After a tenuous peace between the four races of Broccion, the world is at war again, seeking leadership. Players take up arms for their guild and for their nation to battle for land, resources, and victory.","BE THE HERO; OR NOT....IT'S UP TO YOU!Samsa and the Knights of Light is a RPG game, with 2D retro-style.","Simple, minimalist and difficult. Two Digits is a perfect blend between insanity and happiness. You are given 9 numbers less than 100, and all you have to do is to choose two subsets with the same sum.","Waste Walkers Prepper's Edition: This DLC includes a digital novella relating to the game, game concept art, desktop backgrounds, an original soundtrack, and a 4 part game guide.","Once upon a time all was peaceful and serene in the far off land of Camalon, but the silence has been broken as the Orc hordes have returned to the peaceful kingdom to claim the land that they once held most sacred.","Havilah and Asharia are at war. It's not the first time and it probably won't be the last. But, what the people of these countries don't know is that these wars have already been foretold. The 4 ancient tablets left behind by the &amp;quot;Creator&amp;quot; prophesy of other things as well but, no one knows what they say.","Rescue exotic space animals from a corrupt AI in Dr. Spacezoo, a chaotic twin-stick precision shoot-em-up for 1-4 players. Or reduce them to gibs. Your call, monster.","Inspired by the 8-bit classics and with a host of challenging environments and features - Flix The flea is the high flying platformer from one-man game studio, Psychotic Psoftware.","Downpour is a hardcore 2D Base survival game. A simple game in concept, but a complexity in practice. Protect an Antenna that is being built from endless enemies so you can contact home. All the while managing closely tied resources. Death will probably come many times.",Defend your space flagship from hordes of alien fighters.,"People of Animalville got a carting fever and you must help one of them reach for the championship. Take the wheel, choose a kart, decide which character from 'Teddy Floppy Ear’ universe you want, and start the wild ride!","The year 2476, Earth's space-federation has been building moon-bases across the galaxy. One of those moon-bases has been sending a distress signal. Space Grunts are a group of intergalactic &amp;quot;problem&amp;quot; solvers, sent to investigate..","Awe is a god-game about expressing one’s creativity by shaping and building planets’ ecosystems in a soothing and relaxing ambiance carried by beautiful, minimalist lowpoly 3D art style and atmospheric music.","An enemy army is at our gates! Build an ideal chain of traps. Use magic and the power of the elements: earth, ice, fire and shadow.","This set consists of assorted buildings in american style City building in post-modern american style Townhouse in postmodern, american style Office building in post-modern american style Postmodern american highrise building of the 1960's Modern american office building with 16 storeys and a rooftop heli-pad.","This set consists of an assortment of Porsche 911 and Mercedes Benz 220D models.The original Porsche 911 (pronounced nine eleven, German: Neunelfer) was a luxury sports car made by Porsche AG of Stuttgart, Germany. The famous, distinctive, and durable design was introduced in autumn 1963 and built through 1989.","This set consists of a complete VT11.5 train set. Popularly named the TEE (for Trans Europ Express), the VT11.5 presented a milestone in Train design in it's heydays. With it's destinct and representative design the TEE turned heads everywhere. The first trains entered service in 1957.",The DB class 481/482 is an elektric railcar designed for conductor rail operation used by the S-Bahn Berlin. It's the latest design for the S-Bahn Berlin and currently the version that is used most.,"This set consists of assorted buildings in american style City building in post-modern american style Townhouse in postmodern, american style Office building in post-modern american style Postmodern american highrise building of the 1960's Modern american office building with 16 storeys and a rooftop heli-pad.","This set consists of an assortment of Porsche 911 and Mercedes Benz 220D models.The original Porsche 911 (pronounced nine eleven, German: Neunelfer) was a luxury sports car made by Porsche AG of Stuttgart, Germany. The famous, distinctive, and durable design was introduced in autumn 1963 and built through 1989.","This set consists of a complete VT11.5 train set. Popularly named the TEE (for Trans Europ Express), the VT11.5 presented a milestone in Train design in it's heydays. With it's destinct and representative design the TEE turned heads everywhere. The first trains entered service in 1957.",The DB class 481/482 is an elektric railcar designed for conductor rail operation used by the S-Bahn Berlin. It's the latest design for the S-Bahn Berlin and currently the version that is used most.,"Grey Cubes is a modern variation on the brick-breaker-type game, based on real-time physics and three-dimensional gameplay (not just 3d look).Minimalist in style, with clean graphics and deep, original soundtrack.","Dish out carnage of hellish proportions in Gunnheim, a top-down co-op shooter where the equation is simple: vikings + guns = mayhem!","Explore the dangerous life, the accurate historic events and contemporary inventions of the North American/US 19th century. Acquire one of the most legendary steam machines and transform it into a fortress on rails.","Legends of Pixelia is an action RPG that combines retro pixelart with modern gameplay mechanics. Choose a hero class, crawl through procedurally generated dungeons and show your reflexes in challenging boss fights. Single player &amp;amp; local multiplayer, best played with gamepad.","A game about parrying, attacking, and overcoming difficult foes","Welcome to the first puppet show RPG! Participate in battling a ton of foes, buy new upgrades, cast magic and recruit new Heroes. Or just sit back and enjoy the show as your Heroes fight on their own while you watch or do other things.",SBX Invasion is a tower defense and base building game. You pilot a ship that can build defenses and must fight off alien invaders in each stage. Quickly build defenses and towers in each stage before you are overrun by enemy forces.,"Rolling Sun takes advantage of the latest version of CRYENGINE, with best in class physics, lighting and water effects. Discover ancient magic as you guide your Sun Stone through lost Incan and Mayan civilizations.","Pixel Space is a 2D entertaining indie game where you are a ship in an infinite space and you can do quests, kill enemies in a waves system, customize your ship, buy weapons and lot of upgrades, each weapon has at least two paths of upgrades so you can play how you like.","War is upon us and only the mightiest kingdom will rule the realm. Build the ultimate kingdom, wage total war on your enemies, and conquer the realm!",Real-Time-Strategy game based on great Indian epic Ramayana.,"An cyberpunk adventure game from the studio that brought you Gemini Rue and Blackwell! The year is 2087. Genetic engineering is the norm, and an omnipresent AI powers the city. Take control of three citizens of this world as they struggle to understand a deadly conspiracy.",Football Mogul 2014 is the 11th version of the addictive football simulation game from the makers of Baseball Mogul.This version includes rosters and player ratings for opening weekend of the 2013-2014 season. Enjoy controlling your football franchise in any year from 1970 to 2013.,Immerse yourself in the sounds of swamp noir with this specially packaged EP for Act 3: Boomtown.,Collider is a fast paced arcade game for 1 to 8 players.,"A wacky, chaotic, action game with a rogue-like permadeath, unlockable heroes, timelord, chickenguns, donkey kong levels, gameboy levels and much more. Fight your way through as many levels and worlds as you can, defeat the Black Duck Army, and close the gates of Hell.","Lost in an intimate snowy town, a palette of individuals are in search of a mysterious artifact said to bring great knowledge and understanding. Lead each character through their quest in this collection of minigames, each with unique personalities and challenges...",The soundtrack for Pillar; ambient music set in the dead of winter composed by Michael Hicks.,"Barony is a 3D, first-person roguelike that brings back the cryptic and intricate designs of classic roguelikes such as Nethack and melds them with RPGs like Ultima Underworld, System Shock, and Daggerfall. Challenge is the calling card of this hard-boiled dungeon-crawler.",Tree of Savior(abbreviated as TOS thereafter) is an MMORPG in which you embark on a journey to search for the goddesses in the world of chaos. Fairy-tale like colors accompanied with beautiful graphics in TOS will have you reminiscing about precious moments all throughout the game.,"Fight the War Against Draconic Oppression in this Adventure for the World’s Greatest Roleplaying Game In an audacious bid for power the Cult of the Dragon, along with its dragon allies and the Red Wizards of Thay, seek to bring Tiamat from her prison in the Nine Hells to Faerun.","Starship Rubicon is a modern take on the classic space shooter genre. It's a smart and challenging rogue-lite that features a unique control scheme, pixel art remixed with NASA photographs, and an existential crisis about who is REALLY the monster.","The window you open extends from your desktop to an open ocean with no end. Presented to you is not simply arrays of illuminating bright dots, but rather, you would see Palette surgeonfish and Pennant coral fish staring back at you fearlessly under your curious gaze.","Guide Alum on his journey through the dangerous, icy, &amp;quot;Land of Tide&amp;quot;. Help him discover the truth about his city,Kosmos, and the mysterious epidemic known as &amp;quot;The Vague&amp;quot;. As the tale unfolds, it will keep you enthralled all the way up to its epic conclusion.","Explore five ancient realms fighting their monstrous inhabitants in this turn based, graphical classic roguelike. Every time you play the game will create new places full of challenges and surprises for you populated with monsters and ancient magical artifacts.",This is the official sound track for Alum.,Play as the genius programmer and super nerd Frau Koujiro from Robotic;Notes.,Gorgeous FM sound generator BGM to use in game for Phantom Breaker: Battle Grounds.,Relive all the moods of Beth's surreal journey with Joel Steudler's gorgeous soundtrack,Yasai Ninja is a hack &amp;amp; slash game set in feudal Japan where Kaoru Tamanegi and Broccoli Joe face the most terrible vegetable-fighters. Play 1/2 Player mode and finish the adventure!,You are in charge of the day to day running of the Ekranoplan program. Manage resources and staff to keep your craft operational. When a mission arrives from on high you must be ready to face the challenge and pilot your Ekranoplan / command the crew to a successful and glorious outcome!,"Are you ready for Dr. Test´s place? Wander his laboratorys, explore his place and discover new enemys, crazy machines and new items. Experience survival-horror.","Colorful crazy world of a fantastic planet. Bizarre plants, strange landscapes! Under these unusual conditions there arose steam-robots civilization. But there’s no peace there - robots are at war.","Astro Lords: Oort Cloud is a free-to-play, science-fiction MMORTS combining construction management with click-and-drag Artillery style combat and strategy elements such as exploration, raiding and espionage.","Deluxe Pack for Moonchild containing the Official Guide, 10 Wallpapers (1920x1080), Character Arts, In-Game Scenes and a 3 bonus savefiles!",Oh no! This cute little kitty cat is alone and lost in a haunted house! Only by collecting pennies and defeating monsters can she find the way out! Use your fast fingers to defeat this adorably dark and funny platform game.,"In a dystopian future, a powerful corporation hires a private security firm to execute a violent takeover of a competitor's HQ. Caught in the middle, brave office worker Clea attempts a stealthy escape.",The curtain closes on the Weird Park saga with the shocking conclusion of the third chapter! Are you ready for the Final Show?,The Deluxe pack features the 159-page Official Guide as well as many high-quality images taken from the game and/or of the characters.,"The Asguaard Deluxe Pack contains the Official 183-page Guide as well as wallpapers, artworks and an optional bonus savefile allowing you to start the game with 9,999,999G!",Complete your theater experience with the official Knee Deep Digital Playbook. This 18-page guide to the world of Knee Deep features a complete Who's Who of the cast and a selection of three tunes from the original...,Immerse yourself in the sounds of swamp noir with this specially packaged EP for Act 1: Wonderland.,Immerse yourself in the sounds of swamp noir with this specially packaged EP for Act 2: Festival.,"You are Snarf, boldly and not so boldly going where no Snarf has gone before. You utilize your cunning and opportunistic nature to seek, fame, fortune, and adventure. After all, why fight a dragon when you can just trick it and get the gold?","Trains with guns on them in the Wild West! Shoot, upgrade, customize, and mount up to defeat brutal outlaws and ruthless businessmen! Tumbleweed Express is a tower, or travel, defense game set in the American West.","FIRST TIME ON STEAM – Based on the PlayStation®3 port of the original GameCube game, this RPG classic is finally available for PC.","When a kingdom and an empire collide, the best warriors are called to battle. Join the mighty Kingdom or the glorious Empire and conquer your enemies. A team-based, 3rd person action shooter with cartoon styled, fantasy themed backgrounds. 3 classes to choose from, each with its unique set of skills.","D3DGear is a fast game recording and live streaming software for PC. It allows users to record gameplay to video; or stream the game to websites like twitch.tv. Our software is designed to have minimal impact on game performance, and won’t make the game lag or decrease FPS.","Dungeoncraft is a fantasy real time strategy game featuring multiplayer sandbox survival type gameplay, dynamic world expansion, and 3D grid based digging and building.","Tower defense as you've never experienced it before. We take tower defense to your home, your neighbor's house, the Seattle Space Needle, or anywhere in the world; the choice is yours. World Defense is the first, physics based, 3d tower defense where anything and everything depends upon real world simulations.",&amp;quot;Koi-Koi Enjoy Pack&amp;quot; is an add-on pack for enjoying more of &amp;quot;Koi-Koi Japan [Hanafuda playing cards]&amp;quot;.,"DLC &amp;quot;Toy Soldiers Pack&amp;quot; includes 8 interchangeable heads toy soldiers Second World War period. With its help, you can change the look of your robot. Also included 250 of each type of grenade.","Spaceforce Rogue Universe HD is an action RPG space simulation game, with emphasis on key elements such as ship development, exploration of an immersive universe and freedom of choice. After the pilot leaves the starting zone, Spaceforce opens an almost unlimited space for exploration.","Groovy is a robotic sphere that exists in the abstract and crazy world of mechanisms. The game world is divided into two modes - Arcade and Survival, each of them filled with a unique environment, challenges and enemies.","Demo of Secrets of Grindea, a fantasy Action RPG. It's playable by yourself or in co-op with up to three friends! Features an unrestricted skill system, fluid and challenging combat, and an engaging story. For additional value, there's also a fleshed out, challenging roguelike mode!","Spanning lush rock sounds and deep tones of the far future, John Fio's soundtrack to Epanalepsis is the perfect audio companion to a summer's day, a rainy evening, or the deep black holes of a future beyond sensory perception.","The Lost Mythologies is a Chinese styled action game with intense combat. Use various skills to defeat loads of enemies, explore the ruins of the fallen empire and finally face the notorious ancient weapon - the Black Rakshasa.",This soundtrack features all 14 songs found in Siralim as 320kbps MP3 files.,Entertaining story to take part in using crazy machines to interesting puzzles.,Detective adventure game in WWII historical surroundings,"Immersive first-person parkour in a surreal, physics-driven voxel world. Every move can modify the environment. Surfaces pop in and out of existence at will.","Grand designer allows you to create an infinity of planets, nebulae, asteroids thanks to the power of procedural noises. Using the power of your DX11 GPU, every parameter changes can be seen in realtime. You can then export the planet geometry, its textures, snapshots and simple animations.","The soundtrack for Cursed Sight, a visual novel about our struggle against fate. After purchasing and downloading the soundtrack, players will be able to listen to the tracks using Steam's music player.","The journey begins with four silent protagonists. They go into dungeons, fight enemies, defeat bosses, and level up. But, is that all there is to their lives? Meanwhile, in the real world, a group of bored game designers are looking to bridge the gap between the virtual and real worlds.",Transform your keyboard into an instrument and play along to the melody of catchy chiptunes in this challenging rhythm game. Now with tap mode!,"The journey begins with four silent protagonists. They go into dungeons, fight enemies, defeat bosses, and level up. But, is that all there is to their lives? Meanwhile, in the real world, a group of bored game designers are looking to bridge the gap between the virtual and real worlds.","Are you on the lookout for new and unique 2D characters? Look no further than Second Story!Second Story is the first character asset pack created with no engine limitation. With this add-on, you can generate stylish pixel characters for use in any 2D game-creation software.","The Language Game is a 2 player quiz-style game that will improve your vocabulary and pronunciation as you play. Our innovative system lets you learn from any language to any other language, so each player can learn a different language.","This demo features the first level of A Bastard's Tale, A hard side scrolling sword fighting game.",We present the first part of the Second Warfare. The first-person shooter.,"Stay alive fighting with the bandits and zombies. Hunt animals, build houses.","Floors of Discomfort is a fast paced, extremely difficult, rogue-lite, platformer. Choose from one of five unlockable characters, each with their own back stories, and reasons for being in the lair of Nexrolis.","Journey as Eva, a young girl who lost her sight at an early age, and has since developed the unique capability to &amp;quot;see&amp;quot; the world around her through sound. Explore a world on the edge of collapse and discover the long-kept secrets of the land...",RPG MO is a nostalgic MMORPG that reminds of Ultima and Runescape Classic.,Shot in the Dark is a multiplayer arena FPS that takes place in a dystopian future where multiple factions have sent their agents to kill for sensitive government information. You take control of one of these agents in an attempt to survive this low-light arena skirmish... in the dark.,"Designed to resemble a game for a classic portable game system with simple game play, pixelated graphics, and a 4-color color pallet. This callback to our childhood will test your skills, capture your imagination, and leave you satisfied when your quest is complete.",Real-Time-Strategy game based on Indian great epic Ramayana.,Getting tired of seeing stock cars only? This DLC contains nearly 200 new body tuning parts for CMS 15.,Afterlife spirits have chosen you to stand for the mankind when the time comes.,A cute and cuddly celebration prize for the launch of Steam! This adorable miniature black sheep has the Steam logo shorn into its wool to show its excitement for the launch of DOMO onto Steam! In-game this sheep will be a companion that follows the player throughout their adventures in DOMO.,"A captivating detective adventure with elements of mysticism, telling a story of kidnapped children and mafia bosses.","The captivating adventure of a brave girl, destined to fight the Four Horsemen of Evil in an enchanted world.","Professor Why™ Chemistry is a computer game with elements of education, which enables players to perform dozens of chemistry experiments in a safe, virtual laboratory.",Sneak through over 100 levels in this fun-filled take on the stealth puzzle genre!,"Cash_Out is a top down shooter with stealth and action in mind, where the goal of the game is to raid the building and steal cash. Levels are procedurally generated, with randomized weapons as well. There are many different items, clothing sets and skills that you can use to give you the edge while raiding.","Organize your recipes, create cookbooks, manage health and diet, and accomplish more in the kitchen. Master your recipes by arranging them in customized cookbooks. Get pro tools such as recipe and menu costing plus 30 built-in cookbooks and more than 8,000 recipes!",Family Tree Heritage makes searching for ancestors and creating your tree easy. Find records and important documents for your ancestors with one click for seamless searches to the world’s largest genealogy database.,"In 8 well organized sections with 51 short videos you will get a complete introduction to Blender and how to create game assets. This tutorial has been produced by Blender Institute, to support Blender Foundation projects.","2 arcade-style poster illustrations for Crimzon Clover, suitable for printing.",A retro platformer about an old man who collects blue pills amidst urban dangers and bird poop in a desperate effort to reach his girlfriend before he is himself reached by the ever-approaching Grim Reaper.,"Hank Krang, a dirty thief from the near future, recently had a self-aware time machine called the Time Excursion Digital Interface, or TEDI, fall into his lap after a poker game. He has decided to use this technology to go throughout time, stealing priceless artifacts.",Europa Universalis IV: Common Sense Content Pack includes four new unit packs and a content pack as part of the Common Sense expansion.,"Thomas Paine only needed 48 pages to write Common Sense, but the impact of those pages would echo through history like few other documents before or after. The empire forged from its words still remains the world’s mightiest power more than 200 years later. This work is in the public domain.",Get most popular special character [Naughty kitties] and exclusive unifom now!,"Get most popular special character [Naughty kitties] and 10,000 Points!",JOIN KUNG FURY IN THE VOICE-ACTED ARCADE BEAT ‘EM UP STORY OF THE CENTURY!,The Epanalepsis Papers is made up scans from designer and developer Cameron Kunzelman's notebooks from the development of Epanalepsis.,The 4 Stroke Champions and Events DLC adds a new category and 18 new challenge events!,All the music from the game in pure digital quality.,"Best played with the lights turned off and the volume turned up, Black Sails is a creepy and mysterious point-and-click adventure game.Two survivors of a shipwreck try to survive in the raging sea. Until another ship appears. Hoping for rescue, they are calling, but nobody answers. They manage to go on board. Will this be their rescue?",Play a national leader before and during the second World War. The demo offers the complete game system with a limited number of turns and the ability to play a single scenario.,Real cave paintings. Brutal executions. Procedural Death Labyrinth. Single player &amp;amp; couch co-op. Your closest blood brother has betrayed you and tricked you into a cave labyrinth. Restore your honour by brutally crushing his skull with one of the STONES OF SORROW.,All Is Dust is a first-person horror game for PC and Oculus Rift. Experience the terror of a dust storm in the 1930s and unravel the mystery surrounding your decaying farm.,"Pillars of Eternity: The White March - Part I is a large sprawling expansion pack with hours of gameplay integrated into the main adventure. Along with the new quests and area content, the team at Obsidian continues to support and make improvements to the entire game, including the additions of Player Party AI and Enhanced Enemy AI.","It's a platformer about magic and whacking things! What does that mean? It means you go around whacking enemies with your staff to get their magic! But ultimately, all you need to do is make it to the goal!","Cast of the Seven Godsends harks back to the days when classic 2D, run ’n gun, action-shooter games ruled the arcades. Four levels of difficulty, six worlds to conquer, twelve mid and end-of-level bosses, seven god-like armour sets, five basic weapons and thirty-five magic combat spells!",The Cossacks is the sixth major expansion for Europa Universalis IV and focuses on Hordes and Eastern Europe.,"Europa Universalis IV: Cossacks Content Pack includes three new unit packs, a fort pack and a large content pack as part of the Cossacks expansion.The Cossacks is the sixth major expansion for Europa Universalis IV and focuses on Hordes and Eastern Europe.","Composed by avid Europa Universalis fan - Kairi Sawler, this collection of five songs is inspired by East-Asian melodies that expand the Europa Universalis gaming experience. From traditional instruments and calming melodies to up-beat percussion this music pack enhances the Europa Universalis listening experience with more beautiful...","Welcome to the The Kindred - a creative sandbox game set in a vibrant voxel world. Build, craft and farm your way towards civilization as you help the Kin to survive and thrive.","Gather your party and get ready for the kick-ass new version of GameSpot's PC Game of the Year 2014. With hours of new content, new game modes, full voiceovers, split-screen multiplayer, and thousands of improvements, there's never been a better time to explore the epic world of Rivellon!","When stargazer Zach watches the sky one night, he sees a star fall and land in the nearby woods. He rushes to check it out, only to find that out the star was actually a girl, and with her, magic returns to the world.","The complete soundtrack for the game UFHO2 + Some bonus tracks, by composer Francesco D'Andrea.",Wield the power of a god in your fingertips.Your once faithful followers have revolted against you by renouncing their faith and tearing down your temples. Unleash your wrath with the Almighty Finger and smite those heathens down!,"A hardcore rogue-lite action RPG where you possess and play as monsters. Narrowly avoid death as you explore challenging, ever-changing dungeons, and possess any body you can to survive!","Space shooters never die. 1993 is a testament to that. 1993 is a classic shoot em up celebrating games like Gradius, R-Type and Life Force.","In his latest adventure, King Graham recounts the time he had to rescue Prince Alexander from Queen Icebella's Frozen Castle.","In his latest adventure, King Graham tells of his final battle with the Goblin Sorcerer Manannan and his final adventure.","S.K.I.L.L. - Special Force 2 is a fast-paced, action-packed shooter based on the Unreal Engine 3. The game features a wide range of game modes, tons of maps and a huge selection of weapons.The game comes with regular content updates including new maps, game modes, weapons and other improvements!","Weapon of Choice is a high-energy, side-scroller in which each playable character is unique with their own special weapon and abilities! Blast insane aliens, find new player characters, and choose between branching paths!",Why play shoot 'em ups one ship at a time? Launch them all at once! Unleash an entire armada of ships in Shoot 1UP!,"Pilot an experimental mech and shoot giant grenades to blow up sneaky aliens. Stomp their guts, destroy their base, and save the day!",Help Hoodie Girl fight the evil MediaBall's inane advertisements! It's a looping shooter in which each loop increases the speed and difficulty!,"A first-person interactive story inspired by real-world anxieties, The Assembly is a long-form game designed for VR. Explore a morally ambiguous organization as two individuals and face tough decisions from contrasting perspectives, that culminate in one of multiple thrilling conclusions.","&amp;quot;Arkhelom 3D&amp;quot; is a shoot-em'up inspired by classics of the genre. It combines horizontal, vertical and side-scrolling levels, + 70 enemies types and final bosses across 24 amazing levels.",The digital artbook of Cursed Sight.,Enter a unique science fantasy MMORPG and dive into a unique organic living world !,What is in the &amp;quot;Way of Gold and Steel&amp;quot; which makes it interesting? Main reason is the unusual gameplay style — combination of a real-time strategy (RTS) and a roguelike.,"Pillars of Eternity -The White March Part II is the conclusion to the grand expansion pack for Obsidian’s critically acclaimed RPG, Pillars of Eternity. Returning to the frozen north, your party will learn additional secrets about the gods of Eora as they adventure through brand new content.","DinoSystem is a 2D ecosystem and survival simulation that allows players to manage the ecology of an evolving island and survive in it as a human, dealing with realistic survival mechanics and a deep character progression system.","A world where dragons, born from the wishes of man, each have a unique power to match their human's desires. One mysterious stranger travels with a young dragon graced with the talent of seeing and eating lies. Together, they seek information for profit and knowledge.","The original soundtrack by Brian Holmes for Super Chibi Knight! Over 70 epic tracks (almost 2 HOURS of music) that inspire memories of Oukoku, Mahou Island, and the Yajuu Mountains!","Are you ready for the ultimate Pinball challenge? The authentically detailed Pinball tables are inviting you to a round of thrilling arcade action. The modern technology ensures a top-notch, state-of-the-art physics simulation.","These 3 HOT pinball tables are the ultimate joy for fans of action packed arcade rounds. Thanks to state-of-the-art technology you’ll experience a premium physics simulation. Amazingly detailed, right down to realistic reflections, this game delivers the most intense pinball experience.","Choose the table, shoot the ball, and embark on the fast-paced hunt for high-score. Thanks to the state-of-the-art physics, these high-speed pinballs react with total realism. The 3 varied soccer-themed tables will give you the ultimate “kick”.","During the Middle Ages a terrifying, mysterious disease raged across Italy. It killed thousands of people, whole towns and villages perished together. There were legends of a mythical town of Apothecarium, where the secret to defeating the disease was hidden.","Welcome to dangerous adventure! Help to find one of the lost twin sisters in the world, where the time has stood still and the magic filled the air.",Fleeting Ages is an open world game with strong survival elements and with a constantly changing world and ages. The game features a huge open island and seven time periods that change as the player progresses.,"Gaining inspiration from some of the iconic Crusader Kings II tracks, the Orchestral House Lords selection elevates songs to a new level and is for the CK fan craving an up tempo experience across a classical backdrop.","Crafted from the finest materials available, the Nilfgaardian Armor Set includes a jacket, gloves, pants, boots and horse tack.",Bring down your enemies with lethal accuracy and extend your tactical possibilities with this elite crossbow DLC.,"Ride your music in more ways than ever before. Audiosurf 2 is the music game for your entire music collection, plus online music streaming and Song of the Day. Hundreds of mods/skins on Workshop. Free demo available.","The grim reapers Grimm and Rose need your help to defeat a legion of monsters, ghosts, and evil bunnies using the power of words! Letter Quest Remastered is the remake of the Bacon Bandits' first game, now with an endless mode, new soundtrack, and fully animated monsters!",Create your own universes with the Map Pack's new Editor. The Map Pack also includes 8 challenging new maps for players to conquer that range in size from gigantic 18 player areas to intimate maps perfectly sized for two-player duels.,"Explore this unique world of infographics: All the bar charts, line diagrams and pie charts react to what you are doing. Metrico+ is a combination of exploration, skill, experimentation, but most of all: thinking outside of the box. Are you smart enough to solve all the mysteries?","The London Times started it all – calling the murders the work of an ancient Egyptian curse. I accused the tabloid of capitalizing on the superstitions of the populace. Yet, three men were dead, with the wrappings of a 4000-year old mummy binding their fates together.",NOW OUT OF EARLY ACCESS! Leave the familiar world behind and step into the fantastic unknown with Portal Knights! Play with your friends in this action-RPG crafting adventure across 3D sandbox worlds.Craft your adventure. Forge your hero. Become the ultimate Portal Knight!,Non-stop galactic action awaits you in this arcade style tower defense game. Manage the defenses of the TSF Freedom Strike – humanity’s last hope against the hordes of invading alien spaceships.,"STAIRS is a first-person atmospheric psychological horror game, inspired by real-life events, that takes players through the stories of three missing people as seen through the eyes of journalist Christopher Adams. Start preparing yourself now, for to descend down these steps is to descend into madness...","When you climb into the cockpit of the F-16 Fighting Falcon, get set for the &amp;quot;flight of your life&amp;quot; as the powerful FALCON F-16 takes you streaking across the sky at Mach 2.","The Winter Games Trilogy Super Pack is all the Winter Sports gaming you can handle, in a single package! Biathlon, Ski jumping, Snowboarding, Skating... over 18 disciplines in 11 different sports AS WELL AS dedicated games for both Biathlon and Ski jumping!! This tour-du-snow ensures chilling competition!",A 30 page artbook presented in PDF format.,"Fork Truck Challenge is a game about moving cargo from point A to point B. Players test their accuracy skills to the limit by operating heavy lifting machinery. You gain points for successfully delivering cargo as fast as you can. Spend points to unlock now forklifts, levels and cargo types.",Color Assembler is an abstract color mixing puzzle game. Connect the starting colors to various shapes that manipulate colors in their unique way. The goal is to create the target color.,"Concealed Intent is a simultaneous turn-based game of tactical space combat. Players control their ships in a fully 3D world - hunting down their enemies, just as they are being hunted themselves. In Concealed Intent you know your enemies are out there, but not exactly where, or even what they are.",The death metal soundtrack to the cave painting action roguelike Stones of Sorrow. Contains two previous releases by Neoandertals.,"Sniper Tactical is a casual game. Disguised as a shooter, it is actually a semi real-time/turn-based lemmings type puzzle. The gameplay revolves around bringing hostages to safe-zones which in turn is done by shooting different types of enemies in correct order.","A peek inside the making of UFHO2, with hundreds of WIP screenshots, WIP music and sfx, drawings, sketches, graphic tests, promotional materials and trailers, plus the 2010 Flash version and the original first UFHO of 2007.","SBX Invasion is a fast paced tower defense and base building game. You pilot a ship equipped with a powerful build ray, and your trusty cannon and you must defend each sector from hordes of invading enemy ships. You must battle your wit and quickness against the terrible invading Fuscian army!",Rescue your twin and find the way out together!,"Eternal Step is a deviously difficult, rogue-like action adventure game.",Enjoy catchy tunes while you cause mischief! The Catlateral Damage soundtrack includes 9 tracks from the game composed by Brandon Ellis.,The complete 7 game soundtrack for Retro Game Crunch.,Hired Ops is a session-based online shooter dedicated to fierce conflicts between rival mercenary groups battling on a global scale.,"Dark Souls continues to push the boundaries with the latest, ambitious chapter in the critically-acclaimed and genre-defining series. Prepare yourself and Embrace The Darkness!",,"Make the Reds side triumph to save the Soviet Proletarian revolution, or, on the other side, lead the Whites side to victory in order to place the old regime back in power and protect the countries of Europe from the perils of the revolution. This is the biggest civil war game you will ever play!","Take command of your games with your voice using VoiceBot! Sending commands to your games and applications is as easy as saying the command out loud. Use your voice to run keyboard shortcuts, click and move your mouse, and even execute complicated macros and scripts.","Deliver a payload from point A to point B with only a few simple tools and the laws of physics. Create ramps and catapults, watch objects tumble and fall, and someway... somehow reach the destination. Each project is a hand-drawn puzzle for you to interact with -- Devise a plan, experiment, and make it happen!",Questria is a multiplayer action dungeon crawler. Grab your pals and save Friendship from the evil Robot Skullfaces!,Get most popular special character [Naughty kitties] and tons of items!!,"Put your cheating skills to the test and become a hero to your class! An increasing number of students are hopelessly flunking the exams at Travian High School. The only solution: cheating! With the help of the cheerleader, convince other as yet undecided students to aid you in your endeavors: Copy and distribute the answers with the...","Imagine Pong on steroids!!! Instead of one ball, there are 500! You can rotate your bat giving you fine control over which way every ball bounces. There are different power-ups to collect including: Invisiball, Inversion and of course IMPOSSIBALL. You can play against the AI or against a friend.","This major addition to the game content includes the long-awaited espionage system (spying, infiltration and pillaging). It also includes an entire Major Faction, the Forgotten, whose gameplay is based on espionage.","Champions of Anteria is a tactical Real Time Strategy Game that will allow players to lead and develop their group of cheerful champions into tactical action battles, to save the legendary Kingdom of Anteria.","Inspired by '90s console classics, DiscStorm's soundtrack fuses modern dance trends with retro chiptunes.",A cute fantasy romance visual novel. One day you discover the other side of your partner you had never known. What is the truth beneath the masks?,"Miami Police Department detective and martial artist Kung Fury time travels from the 1980s to World War II to kill Adolf Hitler, a.k.a. &amp;quot;Kung Führer&amp;quot;, and revenge his friend's death at the hands of the Nazi leader. An error in the time machine sends him further back to the Viking Age.","You are a new recruit at a high tech medical facility where doctors are being fired and patients are dying. Find out what’s going on, but make sure you hit the government targets otherwise you’ll be fired. Easier said than done, when that mysterious hacker is disrupting your equipment….","Mactabilis is a modern shooter with rpg elements. Customize your ship, select from a large array of weapons or even create your own with the powerful in-game editor! Blast your way through vibrant, multi-level, adrenaline filled missions in search of loot and power.","Comrade, craft our glorious country's natural resources into advanced materials. Discover crafting recipes to create powerful weapons and then sell them. Automate your weapons factory and create many capitalist profits!","Waste WalkersResource Toolkit DLC: This DLC includes custom content created by Corrosive Studios, free to use in all of your own projects!","Fast head-to-head fighting like you’ve never seen.Welcome to Ember Strike. Join the first PVP fighter of its kind! Ember Strike is the perfect mix of speed and action with live, competitive, head-to-head battles.",TIKI GALORE is an online multiplayer arena where Players are Tiki Warriors armed with deadly spears and an even deadlier thirst for domination. Players battle enemy Tikis on a tropical island with an active volcano and ancient temples surrounded by Tiki-eating shark-infested waters.,RigIT is a 3D computer graphics animation tool that automatically rigs skeletons from an animation library to 3D meshes from 3D mesh libraries.,Original Soundtrack of Rooms: The Unsolvable Puzzle. Composed by Sean Junseok Lee and Rob Westwood.,"Positron is a fast paced arcade racing game inspired by the classic arcade games of the 80's. Battle against opponents in the Arena, navigate your way out of of the Maze, and collect power-ups while avoiding your own trail in Snake.","The free Moto™2 and Moto™3 DLC adds 23 riders, completing the MotoGP™ roster, updated for the 2015 season. With this DLC the total number of riders you can race with in MotoGP™15 increases to more than 180, guaranteeing the most comprehensive experience of the world of the MotoGP™!!",,The official soundtrack from Star Horizon.,"Defend the Highlands combines the genres of Tower Defence, Real Time Strategy, and Scotland. The player will have to build defences, recruit Scotsmen and manage their porridge stockpile as they fight off the British invasion of Scotland.",Extend your gaming experience with the new official extension for Farming Simulator 15! This DLC contains new equipment from New Holland. Maximize your efficiency with a new forage harvester and various headers that will help you take care of your fields!,Turn your Farming Simulator 15 into GOLD with the Official Expansion GOLD!,"Parcel is an atmospheric block-pushing puzzle game where your goal is to solve interlocking laser puzzles by using the unique abilities of different characters. Switch between members of your team of postpeople and make your way through mind benders in a charming, ridiculous cyberpunk future!","The ABC Murders is an adventure and investigation game adapted from the classic Agatha Christie novel. You are the famous private detective Hercule Poirot and, once again, you find yourself up against a mysterious serial killer who goes by the name of &amp;quot;ABC&amp;quot;.","Land your troops on the beaches of northern France, lay bridges to cross flooded enemy defences, avoid tanktraps, clear the area of dangerous minefields, overcome the enemy and claim the beachhead for the Allies!","The shuffle button has been hit. All the objects and characters have been mixed up! Randomness threatens to overrun the kingdom, and nothing is what it appears to be! It is up to you to defeat the fire-breathing [kitten], save your beloved [toilet], and find the [potato] of legend!",Experience some of the worlds most beautiful real and fantasy golf courses in relaxing 360 degree outdoor VR 3D rendered environments.,"Armed with a revolutionary new weapon of mass Orc Slaying, your mission is one of pure revenge. Using your new crossbow and an array of special bolts, Slay your way across the land on a frenzied rampage towards the heart of the Orc...",Blast your way through waves of enemies and bullets and defeat massive boss ships in this fast-paced vertical Shoot'em Up with a traditional Arcade Mode and an experimental Campaign Mode that borrows from the mechanics of ARPGs such as Diablo and Borderlands.,"Energy Balance is a number puzzle. You have to swap power units in such a way that their sums form correct chains both vertically and horizontally. The game is easy to learn, but very hard to master. So, are you ready to peep under the hood of an alien spaceship?",The Mayor of Anozira wants to breathe some new life into his town and he needs you! Help Al Emmo and the locals bring tourists to Anozira! Explore the town and learn about the local stops and interesting areas as you use your Hidden Object skills to attract new people to the area and help local business survive.,Old-school 2D platform game. You play as a warrior for freedom in the fight against hordes of socialists. 19 models enemies. 12 levels.,"This totally serious, 100% accurate to life corn harvesting simulation experience will get your adrenaline pumping and nerves excited. You'll never be able to farm for corn in the same light again! How much corn will YOU harvest before your eventual death by tractor?","You are a pilgrim sent on a spiritual journey across the ancient country of Ahmera. The purpose of this pilgrimage is unknown. Seek the great Thoughtforms. Seek enlightenment. There will be obstacles, but with your cleverness and your skill in editing reality, I am sure you will succeed.","Classic color match puzzle meets space shoot'em up action! Hop into your spaceship, open a path through huge waves of aliens and other hazards, and face intense boss battles!","Ride out into the Old West as a U.S. marshal in the biggest interactive novel ever made! Confront outlaws, find romance, defy the elements, and craft an enduring legend as you uncover a conspiracy whose deadly web stretches from San Francisco to New York City.","Ride out into the Old West as a U.S. marshal in the biggest interactive novel ever made! Confront outlaws, find romance, defy the elements, and craft an enduring legend as you uncover a conspiracy whose deadly web stretches from San Francisco to New York City.","Play as Incendio, armed with your wits and a keg of gunpowder to liberate the town’s gold from the evil Boss Grimshaw in this explosive new puzzle game! 150 levels of mind-bending mayhem await as you blaze a gunpowder trail across the Wild West using mine carts, cannons, chandeliers, and more!","Welcome to Lunch Island! Where the sun always shines, everything comes in perfect individual servings and the only meal served is, LUNCH! Head to the beach and finish the Ice Cream Sandwich event or head to the City and supply Comic Con with pretzels and coffee? Compete in Competitions! Who has the best Hot Dog on Lunch Island?","Experience Survival in it's purest form. Unveil delivers a rich recreation of Nature with a deep simulation of Weather, Body, Flora &amp;amp; Fauna, Fire and more.","Addictive, simple gameplay about xoring your way through a maze. You can xor the inner and outer gates surrouding your character with the ones from a cell of your choosing. Hounds will follow you, being bitten will cost points. Use arrows and the invincibility potion to defend yourself.",Pizza Express is a fast-paced restaurant simulation where you'll join the laborious Gastone and his wreckless friend Lucky in a tasty adventure which will bring you from zero to hero. Manage every aspect of your pizzeria and turn it into the best eatery in town!,"Superstatic is a top-down shooter where you're given the ability to possess and control your enemies. Using &amp;quot;copies&amp;quot;, you're able to perform a variety of skills including killing enemies within a certain radius, chaining kills together based on your current combo, teleporting to your copy's position and more.","Team up with Officer Patricia Wagon to save Tangent City from a fiery blaze! As a member of Planet Land’s Fire Brigade, your job is to douse the fire in each building — and to evacuate any Hooligan Sisters who may be trapped inside.",You don't have any abilities. The only thing you have is your brain. By using it you can get out of the most difficult situations.,Fast Pace Multiplayer Shooter,"Set in total darkness, Omni is a game about solving puzzles by shooting around orbs of light. It will challenge players to explore and memorize their paths while bringing forth the traditional first person puzzle action game.",ICY is a narrative-driven post-apocalyptic survival RPG set in a new Ice Age where your life and the lives of your followers hang on every decision you make. Create your own character using a detailed stats system that influences your abilities then begin your journey of survival across a frozen world.,"The Architect is the twisted sci-fi abstract labyrinth game at the edge of Creation, which makes you ponder every move you'll make.","Ardus Sheridan and his apprentice John Marrow are negotiators for the dream commodities company Powell-Mercer and have been sent to the seaside city of Ordolus in order to finalize a contract with the region's most recently discovered logomancer, Glenton Dahl. The story begins as the duo reaches the city limits.","The newest release from the Historical Simulation Game landmark series, &amp;quot;Nobunaga's Ambition!&amp;quot; In this release we include &amp;quot;Officer Play&amp;quot; for the first time in the series, allowing players to advance from retainer to Castle Lord and then on to Daimyo.",Take revenge on your father’s killer!,Use the magical device known as the Chronicon to travel into the souls and memories of fallen heroes to re-live their grand tales! Epic adventures full of loot and monsters await!,"The Deep Paths: Labyrinth Of Andokost is a first-person, dungeon crawling RPG.","New kind of adventure is a 3D adventure game with RPG elements. Mary hides in a wardrobe after her parents had a fight. She falls asleep. When Mary awakes, she discovers that she is in a beautiful, magical world with giant strawberries and magical druids!With her new friend Aquarius, Mary must find a way back to the real world!","Retro-style platform game in keeping with the best traditions of games of our childhood! Take control of the Himari, the young female wizard travelling across various ages to settle the balance in time across the whole world!","Turn-based strategy with RPG elements meets football! It’s a game for those who enjoy any combo of turn-based mechanics, team development, tycoon-style games and football. It is inspired more by the likes of JRPGs, Civilization, and XCOM rather than by Football Manager.","DungeonRift is arena-like dungeon crawl where your enemies grow and learn new perks instead of you. Every time you defeat them, the Rift will rebuild the dungeon around you and grant your enemies with more tools to defeat you.","DungeonRift is arena-like dungeon crawl where your enemies grow and learn new perks instead of you. Every time you defeat them, the Rift will rebuild the dungeon around you and grant your enemies with more tools to defeat you.","You are a lead scientist working for the SCP foundation on a super-secret project [SCP-2432]. Something goes terribly wrong and the ship you are on containing the SCP explodes, and you wake up on a distant island surrounded by a vivid environment. Get ready to survive, fight for your life and finally escape the horrors of the island.",This add-on includes the Uniform Colors Pack.,A fast paced multiplayer dogfighting game that focuses on creative weapons and game mechanics that reward skillful flying.,This add-on includes Spyglass.,CortexGear:AngryDroids is a clasic 3d Sci-Fi shooting sidescroller where quick tactics and skills need to be in harmony the beat the game. A run-and-gun shooter with both mouse and keyboard controls at the same time. An adventure game with a emotional story and epic game-play.,One day you wake up and realise that nobody is home. You try to exit the apartment only to wake up again in your room.You are stuck in an endless cycle of loops with only one way out.,The Adventures of Mr. Bobley is a 3d platformer adventure game featuring physics based puzzles and challenges that also require you to drive vehicles and operate heavy machinery. Set at a skyscraper construction site. The game is all about physics and interaction with the environment.,"QUASAR is an online multiplayer top-down arena shooter. Reminiscent of old shoot'em up games updated with modern graphics using Unreal Engine 4, it blends fast action with high impact gameplay and visual intensity that will leave you wanting more. QUASAR is quick to learn but tough to master.","Invisigun Heroes is a multiplayer, single-screen battle arena with a twist: everyone’s invisible! Predictable grid-based movement ensures that you know where you are, but other players don’t. Vigilance is key as environmental tells such as footprints and other disturbances will point out careless cadets.",Strategic turn-based game ambiented in USA 1920 when the Volstead act was declared. From 1 to 5 players in hot-seat mode. Fully replayable with lots of possible strategies. Game mechanics easy to understand. Around 20-60 minutes per game. Texts in English and Spanish.,"In this unconventional visual novel, the player controls the story by choosing whether to use the main character's ability to read people's minds. As an agent of an intergalactic society of freedom fighters, Blaire's telepathic skills can be used in the name of freedom, or to manipulate others for power.","Build 'n Bump is a local multiplayer, 2D head-stomping brawler where you build your own levels right before you play on them!",Let the voodoo beats and jazzy tunes wash you over with the official Blasted Fortress soundtrack by musician Chris Sinnott.,The Forgettable Dungeon is an ONLINE &amp;amp; OFFLINE co-op action rpg inspired by roguelikes and classic games of past.,Program little office workers to solve puzzles. Be a good employee! The machines are coming... for your job.From the creators of World of Goo and Little Inferno.,"Rytmik is a powerful music station allowing you not only to play with samples and musical instruments but also to mix them together, shape them and create music clips or whole songs for your Friday night set-list.","Get ready for modern battles! Defend your islands against evil invaders in jungles! Your team will consist of modern snipers, gunners, rockets, ice towers and other great things. A deep conflict has been brewing between you and the evil invaders. Fight to protect your freedom and liberty.",This DLC will provide existing owners of 0RBITALIS the extras featured in the Supernova Edition.,SLIDE: platformer is a hardcore game with an unorthodox control scheme. It will make you think. It might make you cry. It will test your platforming skills to the limit!,"Turn-based strategy with RPG elements meets football! It’s a game for those who enjoy any combo of turn-based mechanics, team development, tycoon-style games and football. It is inspired more by the likes of JRPGs, Civilization, and XCOM rather than by Football Manager.","Trackmania offers you the ultimate arcade racing universe where everything is about reaching the perfect racing time. Test your skills in over 200 tracks, experience immediate fun by challenging your friends at home (offline splitscreen) or online.","In Anno 2205™, you join humankind‘s next step into the future with the promise to build a better tomorrow. You conquer Earth, establishing rich, bustling cities and grand industrial complexes, but to secure the prosperity of your people, you must travel into space.",Trap Them revolves around demanding puzzle gameplay about outsmarting and trapping the enemies while avoiding getting trapped yourself. Collect all the crystals without getting caught by the RoboTTech robots while exploring the depths of the mountain.,"Nurture a small pot of succulents that grow in real time. Viridi is a safe haven, a place you can return to for a moment of peace and quiet whenever you need it.","In Tokyo’s popular ”Electric Town” district, Akihabara, vampires called “Synthisters” walk among us. You must identify and dispose of them the only way you know how – by engaging them in hand-to-hand combat in order to strip them of their clothes so their bodies melt away in the sunlight.","Black Island is a classic adventure game with cinematic storytelling. Gather items, solve puzzles and throw yourself into the darkest of mysteries. If you are a lover of adventure games - Black Island is for you! This is the first part of Black Island. We plan to release sequels in the future.","&amp;quot;Assault Corps 2&amp;quot; (AssaultCorps, referred to as AC) is a full 3D multiplayer real-time strategy game.The game is a MOBA style Game and was developed by independent game studio(5 members). You can experience 18 kinds of distinctive combat units in the game，such as: combat robot、infantry fighting vehicle、tank、 self-propelled...","Illuminascii - a first person shooter with an ascii text based visual style, featuring randomly generated content and roguelike / rpg elements. Monsters, weapons, armor, levels and cutscenes are all created with random characteristics.","Build cities, command troops, and manage resources like in a traditional RTS, and also go on quests, chat with your friends, join guilds, and trade like an MMO. SAGA is an MMORTS with battling similar to the Total War series, mixed with city building from Stronghold.",An economic simulation where you build up production chains as effectively as possible on a large scale terrain. You can choose from a large variety of wares and buildings to build up your production chain and use up to 4 types of transportation.,"Guide Rasa on her journey as she collects lost DNA, and breathes life back into the broken planet. DNO is a continuous side-scrolling platformer that shows remnants of the once great planet Lira. Unlock creatures that once dwelled here, through the use of a unique card collection system, and use power-ups to make your way through each...","The video games you played as a kid, mashed together and remade into a tactical role-playing game.","This Extra Character Pack for 100% Orange Juice adds 2 new playable characters from developer Orange_Juice's games - Krilalaris and Kae.Character Pack includes:Krilalaris from ‘QP shooting - Dangerous!!’ Kae from ‘Suguri’New, unique Hyper Cards for both characters to bring chaos to the battlefield with!",The Isle is an open-world survival game where players choose from three factions in an attempt to survive a fierce island. Hunt. Prey. Survive.,"Soundtrack from game Taimumari by TERNOX! Retro-style platform game in keeping with the best traditions of games of our childhood! Take control of the Himari, the young female wizard travelling across various ages to settle the balance in time across the whole world!","Alchemy, puzzles, and a crashed starship. Old-style interactive fiction — a classic text adventure. No graphics! No dialogue trees! No point-and-click! You type your commands, and read what happens next.","Battle with robots on dynamic, randomly generated battlegrounds, as you attempt to take on the world in this unique turn-based strategy game.",Kept you waitin'. GUILTY GEAR Xrd -SIGN- is finally here on Steam!,"Overgravity is a 2D multi-player space themed shooter.The main feature that distinguishes it from other shooters is the speed of the gameplay, not to mention the dozens of weapons and powerups.There are also six single-player modes which can be highly customized.","The WTCC 2014 series marked a highlight in recent touringcar racing history, and now you get to relive all the drama and the close racing. This DLC pack contains all the TC1 cars entered by Citroën, Chevrolet, Honda and Lada, from the official works teams to the privateer entries. It's on!",This DLC contains a custom skin for Gnaw in Awesomenauts. You need to have Gnaw available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,Il avait la technologie. Il s'est reconstruit.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Rocco in Awesomenauts. You need to have Rocco available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,The &amp;quot;From the Scrolls of XiPang&amp;quot; Announcer can be activated from the character select menu or the in-game menu. Activating this Announcer will replace the default announcements made during regular gameplay with a whole new set.,Geralt and a village idiot team up to learn the secret of an abandoned village inhabited entirely by pigs.,Make your Gwent Deck legendary! The &amp;quot;Ballad Heroes&amp;quot; neutral Gwent card set will provide alternative cards capturing characters from Dandelion's ballads in all their glory.,"Acaratus is a turnbased tactical RPG set in a medieval steampunk world where you build and fight with your mechanized battle suits to help Adina free the people enslaved by the emperor Helios, their oppressor.","Last Days of Old Earth is a rich strategy game set in our far, far future where the sun is dying. Can you command the last noble tribes of humanity as they attempt to survive among the machines and marauding clans?","The people's cries have activated ancient Ohr deposits and woken you from your slumber. Now you must help them to find their frequencies, their souls ... your heaven.",Immerse yourself in an adventure full of puzzles and hidden object scenes entwined with Gatsby’s devoted love and criminal dealings in The Great Gatsby: Secret Treasure!,Kelvin and the Infamous Machine is a hilarious point-and-click adventure in which you stumble irresponsibly through history to help legendary geniuses complete their masterworks!,"This package features guides that can assist you through any troubles, provide item locations and help you to beat those difficult foes! With these guides in (virtual) hand, nothing can stand in your way!",5 new characters and 10 new hats fit for a king!,One summer day the old friend Rat tells the kitten legend about Big Fish. The kitten has a desire to get the fish and starts its journey.,"Critically acclaimed and now Free to Play, WildStar is a fantastical sci-fi MMO where you can join your friends or undertake your own epic adventures on the fabled planet Nexus!",Arkin is a first person space combat experience. Take control of the latest in starfighter technology and fight for humanity's survival against the brutal alien onslaught.,Get Amazon and exclusive Jungle content!,The OFFICIAL digital adaptation of the best-selling board game. ** ONLINE MULTIPLAYER NOW AVAILABLE !!!,"Locked in a military prison for crimes they did not commit, the 4 members of the Escape team must work out how to break free from an Escape proof military prison.  Maybe the rumours that the compound houses the fiercest tank in history will help?",Oldschool FPS. Hardcore classic gameplay. Huge hordes of monsters. Blood. Fun.,WWII GI is the invasion of Normandy. The paranoia. The fear. the intensity that was D-Day. You will experience it first hand.,Big Thinkers! Kindergarten is the perfect learning supplement to your child's classroom experience. Ben and Becky Brightly's contagious wonder and ability to transform themselves into a variety of shapes and forms engage kids in a fun world of learning and discovery!,Big Thinkers 1st Grade is the perfect learning supplement to your child's classroom experience. Ben and Becky Brightly's contagious wonder and ability to transform themselves into a variety of shapes and forms engage kids in a fun world of learning and discovery!,"Inspector Smythe from Scotland Yard has informed Watson and me of the murder of General Armstead, a Tontine ticket holder. Something about this case intrigues me. Perhaps it ís that the General was about to publish a scintillating addendum to his infamous book on treasure.","An unassuming woman has been charged with the death of a scoundrel, a fortune-squandering bounder. She was found over the body, pistol in hand but there are other avenues in this case that even the Yard refuses to set foot upon. I have the feeling that there is more to the case than meets the eye.",Choose your giant monster! Give it an awesome paint-job! Take of the world in style in this light action-strategy game that harkens back to the classic PC monster city-stomping games of yesteryear!,The Official Soundtrack to the indie hit Guild of Dungeoneering.,"FleetCOMM Original Soundtrack, by Boreal Sun, ft. Rogue Star.","Episode 1 is now FREE - for a limited time! In Minecraft: Story Mode, playing as either a male or female hero named 'Jesse,' you’ll embark on a perilous adventure across the Overworld, through the Nether, to the End, and beyond.","Pilot spacecraft ranging from small, nimble interceptors to heavily armed gunships. In ASTROKILL, you will engage in combat against enemy fighters, capital ships, outposts, freighters, turrets, and even space mines. To succeed in this unforgiving zero-G battlefield, you must master your ship and its weapons.",When serious problems arise a quick and simple solution's their only choice - so they call for you.,Chop the world's tallest Tiki! 4 tropical environments and 16 Tiki Men to unlock!,"Expand your Train Simulator collection with this state-of-the-art powerful, mixed traffic Class 68 locomotive.The diesel-electric Class 68, initially built between 2013 and 2014 for Direct Rail Services, was derived from the Eurolight family of locomotives and known as the UKLight by manufacturer Vossloh.","The Amtrak® Dash 8-32BWH diesel locomotive, constructed by General Electric in 1991, is one of the most unique and, among North American railroad enthusiasts, one of the more popular diesel types to emerge in the 1990s, and is now available for Train Simulator.","Western Pacific’s Feather River Canyon route is one of the most famous, scenic, and highly-engineered railroad lines in all of North America. The Western Pacific was a late comer to America’s railroad scene – WP was not incorporated to build its main line from Salt Lake City to the San Francisco Bay Area until 1903, and its final spike...","One of the most unique, and uniquely fastest, trains comes to Train Simulator, courtesy of Union Workshop – the Shanghai Maglev.The Shanghai Maglev Train, also known as the Transrapid, uses magnetic levitation to move without the need to touch the ground or use wheels on rails, giving it a much smoother and quieter ride than wheeled mass...","Joining the US roster of heavy freight locomotives in Train Simulator is the impressive EMD DD35 and GP35 from DigitalTrainModel.The EMD DD35 was a 5,000hp (3,700kW) diesel-electric locomotive of built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division for the Union Pacific Railroad and Southern Pacific Railroad.",The Outeniqua Choo Tjoe was one of South Africa’s longest-lived and most famous steam passenger train services – and now the spectacular and challenging route of the Outeniqua Choo Tjoe is available for Train Simulator!,"A triumph of engineering and perseverance, the line from Freiburg to Hausach takes in some of the most picturesque views in southern Germany, and now you can drive this dramatic route – complete with hairpin loops and curving tunnels – in Train Simulator.","The high speed railways of France, dominated by the iconic TGV® Duplex, are brought to life in the breathtaking new Ligne Grande Vitesse: Marseille Saint-Charles to Avignon-TGV route for Train Simulator.Construction of the LGV Méditerranée began in 1996, designed as a dedicated high speed line that spans over 160 miles to connect the...","Directly connecting England and Wales, running underneath the longest river in the United Kingdom, the South Wales Main Line is one of the most important cross border routes in the country, as featured in the beautiful new South Wales Coastal route for Train Simulator.","The perfect accompaniment to the new South Wales Coastal route for Train Simulator is this Arriva Trains Wales DMU Pack, containing the Class 143 and Class 158.The British Rail Class 143 is a diesel multiple unit, part of the Pacer family of trains introduced between 1985 and 1986.","The US ATC S160 includes an Advanced Pro-Series version and also includes a HUD/Xbox controller-compatible version.A truly international add-on for Train Simulator, the USATC S160 recreates a diverse class of steam locomotives that were designed, built and, in some cases, lost forever in very quick time.","Originating the 1840s, the railway that connects Berlin to the likes of Wittenberg, Bitterfeld and Leipzig has seen many upgrades throughout the decades to make it the high speed railway known today. Before the wires dominated over the rails, the line was considered as one of the most important of its kind throughout Germany.",Expand your collection of modern German passenger trains with the introduction of the DB BR 648 to Train Simulator.The DB BR 648 is a two-car diesel multiple unit (DMU) built by Alstom as part of their Coradia family of multiple units.,"Just a stone’s throw from Dovetail Games’ HQ, the Chatham Main Line is one of the main arterial routes from central London through the heart of Kent via the Medway towns, towards the Kent Coast – and you can now discover this picturesque route in Train Simulator.","The ÖBB 1044 electric locomotive was built by ELIN, Siemens Mobility, Brown, Boveri &amp;amp; Cie. and Simmering-Graz-Pauker in the mid-1970s as a powerful solution to Austria’s challenging rail network, being able to haul heavy freight or bustling passenger services anywhere from heaving cities to rural mountain passes with ease.","Synonymous with the most recognisable period in British Rail’s history, the ‘Rail Blue’ livery carried across BR’s roster of diesel and electric locomotives and multiple units stretched across three decades, as represented in this collection of BR Blue diesel and electric locomotives for Train Simulator.","First designed in the 1990s, the Talent truly is the forefront of modern European transportation for both passengers and drivers alike. With such sparks as the ever-successful Talent 2 in its legacy, the Austrian Federal Railway can be proud of operating such a uniquely versatile EMU.","In the late 1890s the Great Western Railway were seeking new locomotives as part of their post-broad gauge conversion modernization. The newly appointed Chief Mechanical Engineer of the GWR, George Jackson Churchward, sought out designs for modern steam locomotives that could serve the Western network far into the future.","The California Zephyr – the train many enthusiasts and railroaders alike considered the single-most magnificent passenger train to ever journey across America – is now available for Train Simulator! Featuring the train’s complete consist of eight unique car types, the DLC also includes highly authentic Western Pacific and Rio Grande...","Boasting over 570 km of truly rapid inter-city travel, the Southwest China High Speed Network, available for Train Simulator, is a wonder in and of itself; watch high-flying viaducts and scenic valleys soar past as you embark on one of the fastest sets of rails in the world courtesy of Partner Programme Developer Just Trains.","The breathtakingly fast CRH380A comes to Train Simulator for authentic and blinding Chinese high-speed action courtesy of Partner Programme developer Just Trains.Following the introduction of passenger-dedicated high-speed railways throughout China in 2007, several iterations of modern-age multiple units have been manufactured to take...","Expand your collection of modern German passenger trains with the introduction of the DB BR 440 to Train Simulator.The DB BR 440, or Coradia Continental is a family of high speed commuter trains designed for S-Bahn services throughout Germany.","Please Note: In order to get full value from all of the scenarios featured in this pack, you will need to own Train Simulator’s Feather River Canyon Route Add-On, Sherman Hill Route Add-On and Western Pacific GP20 Loco Add-On.","General Electric established itself as an independent builder of mainline diesel locomotives in 1959 with its 2,500-horsepower U25B, and throughout the 1960s and into the 1970s, GE produced an ever-expanding – and more powerful – line of “Universal”-series diesels, which came to be widely nicknamed as “U-boats.","The wonderful world of Welsh narrow gauge comes to life in Train Simulator with the recently re-opened Corris Railway. With passenger services long gone and mineral freight in decline, it became less worthwhile for the Great Western Railway to combat the eroding force of the River Dovey (Afor Dyfi).","Take control of the iconic DB BR 112.1 in this Pro Range addition for Train Simulator.In the wake of the 1973 Oil Crisis, Deutsche Reichsbahn were looking to reinstate their electrification of East Germany.","Situated in the Nara Prefecture of the Kansai region in Japan, there are many rural railway lines that interconnect to provide local residents with a vital connection to the bustling city of Osaka. Converging at Takada for the run up to the main city, the Wakayama Line and the Sakurai Line are particularly busy routes featuring a scenic...","Delivering mail and hauling passengers was the Saint Class’ staple throughout their operational lives, leaving London as the day comes to a close and passing through the Riviera Line in the shadow of night.","Note: Each of the pack’s ten career scenarios require the North Jersey Coast Line route (available separately) and select scenarios also individually require Train Simulator’s New York-New Haven route, NJ Transit ALP-46, GP40PH-2B, F40PH-2CAT, and/or CSX NRE-3GS-21B GenSet’ Add-ons (each available separately).","General Electric’s “Dash 7” line of diesel locomotives was introduced in 1976 and promised better fuel efficiency, and improved reliability as compared to GE’s older generation of famed “U-boats.” The first of the GE Dash 7 line to enter production was the six-axle, 3,000-horsepower C30-7 and the type would also prove the most popular...","Since the introduction of railways, many breathtaking landscapes have been unlocked for global captivation. From plains to canyons, what the world has to offer has been made ever-closer as technology advanced.","New York – New Haven Scenario Pack 01 – featuring 10 highly realistic new career scenarios – puts you at the throttle for passenger, commuter, and freight action on one of America’s busiest and most famous railroad routes!","A true legend makes its way to Train Simulator in the form of the DB BR 18, the pinnacle of German Pacific design.Shortly after the turn of the 20th Century, locomotive designers of the Maffei company were working on a development of Germany’s first Pacific locomotive – the Baden IV f – to provide a new, more powerful iteration for...","Experience the route that time forgot in Armstrong Powerhouse’s stunning Train Simulator recreation of the Wherry Lines.Opening in 1844, the Norwich to Great Yarmouth railway, via Reedham, was the first railway to be seen in Norfolk.","The Electro-Motive 2,500-horsepower GP35 was a railroading success story, with more than 1,300 of the locomotives sold to 40 original railroad buyers during its 1963-1966 production run. When the GP35 debuted, it represented the latest in Electro-Motive’s extraordinarily successful line of four-axle (B-B) “GP” (“general purpose”) diesel...","Across America in the 19th and early 20th centuries, small railroads busied themselves hauling logs and lumber. And now, the Clear Creek Log and Lumber Expansion Pack brings the captivating experience of steam-era logging and lumber railroading to Train Simulator!","The S1 Line of the Hamburg S-Bahn is the city’s second largest, initially traversing the outskirts before diving into the heart and serving many locations including the nearby international airport. This historic line originated in the early 1900s, and still aids in the movement of people day in and day out.","Experience the grace and elegance of classic German steam locomotion in the form of the DR BR 10, available now for Train Simulator. The 1950s, Germany’s railway future was in full swing, wires were being erected across key routes for brand new electric locomotives, and the first 5 pre-production units of the famous diesel V200s were in...","The titan of Electro-Motive’s landmark “Dash 2” line of diesels – the 3,600-horsepower, six-axle, 20-cylinder SD45-2 –is ready for Train Simulator service in famed Santa Fe livery.","The unique and timeless appeal of American interurban railroading comes to life on the Sacramento Northern, South End route. Set in the late 1930s and early 1940s, this Train Simulator route features classic interurban passenger and freight operations on the Sacramento Northern Railway’s route that extended from San Francisco’s busy...","Invisible, Inc. Contingency Plan is an expansion that extends the campaign time and adds new rewards and danger to the base game of Invisible Inc. Explore more strategies with four new Agents, two new starting programs, new weapons, items, and augments.","Professor Teaches, the leading brand of training, provides realistic, interactive, and complete training for Windows 10. Build your skills with Professor Teaches tutorials and learn everything you’ll need, from beginning to advanced lessons.","All the tools you need to organize your personal and professional life. Your calendar, to-do list, address book, and notebook are combined into a simple and familiar interface with over 3,000 printable layout design combinations, expense reports, password organizer, world clocks and timers, and the ability to synchronize with Google,...","Easy Spanish™ Platinum, designed by university language experts, is an interactive learning system that’s proven to teach you Spanish quickly and easily. With progressive learning lessons, speech recognition technology, and immersion learning, you’ll have everything you need to become fluent in Spanish.","In this darkly comedic story, you are the hero of an unfinished fantasy game - and your designers have failed you. Trap their creations. Swap behaviors and body parts, crafting your own unique solutions to free-form puzzles. Steal the power of creation, to either ship the game from the inside ... or cancel it.","Easy English™ Platinum, designed by university language experts, is an interactive learning system that’s proven to teach you English quickly and easily. With progressive learning lessons, speech recognition technology, and immersion learning, you’ll have everything you need to become fluent in English.",Professor Teaches Excel for Office 2013 &amp;amp; Office 365 is a computer learning course designed to teach you how to use all the basic features and functions of Microsoft Excel. Professor Teaches provides you with hours of interactive lessons in a realistic simulation of the software.,Professor Teaches Word for Office 2013 &amp;amp; Office 365 helps you get the most out of Microsoft Word. This computer learning course was designed by experts to guide you through all of the functions and features of this sophisticated word processing program.,In a world where comic books are real - The final issue is Evil!,The loveable birds of Hatoful Boyfriend are back in the remastered holiday-themed sequel Hatoful Boyfriend: Holiday Star!,"A subterranean puzzle-adventure game inspired by 90's era. There’s no handholding, no in-game menus, no messages from the devs, no tutorial. Some call it a marvel; some call it a good test for Steam's refund system. Certainly it’s not an easy game. Do you dare to puzzle? Just play savvy.",Be brave enough to read the Chronicle Keepers: Dreaming Garden!,"Hide &amp;amp; Hold Out is a multiplayer survival game taking place in a devastated water world. Gather, build, team up with your friends and establish the foundations of your future floating empire utilizing the heavy guns of your battle ships!","&amp;quot;Tactical Genius Online&amp;quot; is a turn-based strategy game with the focus on multiplayer, in which the gameplay is broken up into two phases: concurrent planning and execution. Players give orders to their units, and only when everyone has finished their moves, the turns are put into action.","Original soundtrack of TIMEframe. Featuring beautiful strings, piano, and guitar, composed by Clark Aboud.","An RPG of exploration, collection, and critical thinking. The end of the world has come and gone, leaving only phantoms where once there was life. Now Schorl, the last surviving human, and Spinel, the last of the magical saerii, search through the memories of a bygone era, hoping to find a future.","Dodge the carnage! Whack the daemons! Get those paintings back! With a whopping 120 of them on the loose, you're gonna need every single bit of your wits and every single power-up you can carry to finish your mission. Do you have what it takes to become a Daemon Detective?","As manager of a colony that has nearly exhausted it's resources, you choose when to launch your ships out into the depths of space. Your impatient colonists move ships into orbit every few days, and it is your duty to ensure that you time the launches appropriately to land on a target planet.",Subaeria is an intense action puzzler where players use their wits to manipulate their enemies into destroying each other.,Unearned Bounty is an action-packed Free-For-All multiplayer game where you battle to become the most infamous pirate!,"A unique, dynamic, challenging, fully-voiced tower defence game for Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux. You begin at a small outpost at the edge of the human lands, and proceed to the elven, dwarven, and gnomish realms in an effort to save the lands of Alarameth from certain annihilation.",Fight hostile drones that try to keep their recently gained autonomy by either shooting or morphing into them.Biodrone Battle brings classic top-down action rooted in the pioneer gaming era of the 1980s into your living room.,Thunder Tier One is a top-down tactical shooter that let's you play as tier one operator across various scenarios located all around the globe. Set in late 80s/early 90s it allows you to combine your leadership and tactical skills and contemporary equipment into an efficient war machine.,Master the magic of Elements. Defend your tower against sneaky goblins using magic attacks. Upgrade the Tower to earn more mana points and Gems! Compare with your friends in versus mode or fight together in coop mode. Try to become the best on the Steam leaderboards and collect all the Achievements!,"ChessBase Academy is the ultimate chess database program for all kinds of players, from amateurs to world champions! Expand your knowledge of the game with ChessBase!","ChessBase Pro the ultimate chess database program for all kinds of players, from amateurs to world champions! Expand your knowledge of the game with ChessBase!","Based on a true story, Western Press is the most historically accurate frontier dueling game available for PC and Mac. Probably. Up to 16 players (or bots) compete in a tournament of 1v1 sprints to press a random string of ten buttons the fastest.","You wake up with an aching head and the world out of focus. In front of you is a man accusing you of being “fake”. He looks exactly like you, down to the last scar and pimple, has the same memories, the same voice and the same personality. But who is lying and who is telling the truth? Who is fake and who is real?",,"Susan had just stepped away to answer the phone, but when she returned she saw something pulling her son Jimmy through a shimmering portal. It closed before she could pull him back. To save him, she must find a way to this other world. Before Susan lies a world that no one else has ever seen before...","Chickens. For centuries we have oppressed them, grilling, roasting, stewing, and stuffing them in buns. The time has come for us to pay. Intergalactic chickens are invading Earth, seeking revenge for the oppression of their earthly brethren!","ENKI is a repeatable horror experience about escaping, featuring multiple endings that will ensure you that every playthrough will be a bit different from the previous one. In only 30 minutes find your way to freedom through occult symbolism, mysteries and discoverable secrets... Survive or die!","N.E.R.O. is a wonderful journey in a world of incredible beauty, a story driven first-person game with puzzles and intuitive controls where the environment is connected to the characters and their past. The world of N.E.R.O. is magical and varied, making exploring an ongoing challenge.","Prismatica is a colorful puzzle game with a brand new twist inspired by Rubik’s Cubes, Sudoku, Dodecahedrons and way too much caffeine.Prismatica's simple gameplay and deceptively challenging puzzles will tickle the brains of both beginners and veterans alike.","Enter XFP3 indie game adventure, based on our brand new proprietary paintball physics engine. Play an original tactical FPS/Sport gameplay, with exclusive international leagues layouts and scenario maps.","The ultimate wargame set in the age of Pike and Shot is back. You are now in full charge of your nation’s armies, throughout a long campaign in the struggle for dominance.","Tale of Wuxia has been dedicated to providing gameplayers with a player-defined platform, where they can customize their own Wuxia. Instead of being restricted to characters’ basic properties and martial arts, in this new version, gameplayers can also choose the personalities and talents of their own.",The Cast of the Seven Godsends Original Soundtrack.,"Beat your friends in a joust while you try to keep your balance on top of your unicycle! Compete in the ridiculous jousting tournament your mother never let you have. You can now practice your unicycle and lancing skills without fear of your video becoming viral, or breaking any bones for that matter.","The Ultra-HD texture pack will upgrade some of the most common textures in the game, such as characters, and weapons, to a new level of visual fidelity. This higher level of detail can be best appreciated while playing the game in 4K resolution, but it’s not limited to that.","Space Drifters 2D, is a top down space shooter with Newtonian physics style movement. Made in the Unity engine with graphics and controls reminiscent of Asteroids with the added benefit of a local co-op and multiple versus modes.",IRFaceRig enables you to embody awesome digital avatars in real time. IRFaceRig expression tracking is powered by Intel® RealSense™.,"Tcheco in the Castle of Lucio is an exciting, fast-paced action game.Help Tcheco the Adventure Boy to leave a mysterious castle full of deadly creatures! Be ready for a big challenge, full of nonsense humor and retro goodness.","Welcome to Blockwick 2 – a world of jumbled blocks and colorful shapes. It’s up to you to unscramble the blocks and connect the colors. The game introduces a slew of new block types – entangled blocks, sticky blocks, caterpillar blocks, and more.","Matsushima Michiru is a loved, respected, nationally-famous idol, worthy of singing on the same stage as the legendary Kazami Kazuki... in her own dreams, at least. In reality, she's a complete nobody, only able to perform in a dingy basement bar on the weekends for crowds numbering in the single digits.","Michiru's quest to save the world by sealing the Chaos that threatens it is progressing flawlessly... except for the fact that her fellow Magical Girl and rival, Kazuki, is beating her at every turn!","Shadowrun, 5th Edition is the newest version of one of the most popular and successful role-playing worlds of all time - a fusion of man, magic and machine in a dystopian near-future. With rules for character creation, magic, combat, Matrix hacking, rigging, and more, you have everything you need to face the challenges of the Sixth World.",There is a Fox in the ballroom! Or so the whispers from the other ballroom dancers suggest. Can the Flock trap the Fox before it is too late? Or will the Fox systematically eat all the other dancers before they even realize he is in their midst?,"What is Color Guardians?Color Guardians is an exciting action side scrolling game for PS4, PS Vita, Steam PC and Mac that combines quick thinking with frantic gameplay into a hard to master challenge! Switching colors and collecting items, all while avoiding obstacles will surely test your reflexes!","Battle huge &amp;quot;Koju&amp;quot; bugs in CAVE's beautiful fantasy shooter, Mushihimesama. Experience the thrill of bullet hell from the masters of the genre as you evade visually stunning shot patterns with thousands of bullets.","DARIUSBURST Chronicle Saviours is the latest installment in Taito's DARIUS series of arcade-style shooting games. Blast hordes of alien sea-monsters, and blaze your own trail through branching environments.",Command the last of the Libra class carriers and avenge the fall of your home world in this space real time strategy game.,"Empire TV Tycoon is a game in which you manage a TV channel and fight for audiences taking decisions that will project your channel to fame and fortune.You will decide the content of your channel, select advertisers, hire workers, make your own productions, hire actors, and engage in much more activities!",Control gravity and negotiate your way through a series of increasingly difficult puzzles!,"Fragments and details, rainy nights and blurry lights are all VOID&amp;amp;MEDDLER focuses on. A non-linear cyberpunk adventure where genders and species melt into each other.","Hack, slash and rush the forces of darkness. Assault castles and mountain lairs to liberate all in this super-sleek modernization of the classic roguelike formula! Will you play a crafting Alchemist, a sneaky backstabbing Thief... or something else?","Thought of the Day: Success is measure in blood; yours or your enemy’s. Indulge your bloodlust as never before! With massively increased frequency and size of blood effects, the Bloodpack DLC brings combat in Warhammer® 40,000® Dawn of War® II: Retribution™ to a new level of brutality. Subtlety be damned!","The Overlords of the Necrons lead the legions into the carnage of war, commanding absolute authority over their subordinates. Armed with crackling warscythes and potent weaponry of ancient design, they dispatch their foes in flares of blinding energy.","All 18 haunting tracks contained in Vapour: Part 1, in MP3 format, packaged together in this killer Soundtrack.",From the inventor of the acclaimed web-swinging movement in *Spider-Man 2* comes the extreme sport of the future! Swing on a line of pure energy to perform death-defying stunts and insane parkour moves!,"Chaos reigns in this top down action adventure game starring Rack, a demon with an appetite for destruction. Pave a path of mayhem as you guide Rack on his quest to jump start the Apocalypse. Wield powerful magic, decimate your foes, unravel mind bending puzzles, and smite titanic bosses all while corrupting a vast open world.",Rebel Wings is a multiplayer arcade airplane shooter. Conquer the skies with an unusual arsenal of weapons and a gravity-defying airplane!,"Your truck is wrecked, your flashlight is dimming and darkness surrounds you. Your fears come alive. Get to the generator and bring back the light before “The Keeper” finds you.",Ever wanted to be a hacker? Hack your way into the heart of a mysterious organization to uncover their secrets. Hack RUN® is a game which uses 'old school' command prompts (like DOS or UNIX) that simulate a real operating system. Learn the commands of each system to help you navigate through your adventure.,This demo of The Mors will test your courage and push you to your limits as you navigate your way out of this nightmare. Can you find your way out before the darkness closes in?,"Fortify is a real-time strategy game with a tower defense twist. Defend your castle from attacking monsters and siege weapons by using ranged and melee defenders, catapults, cannons, oil fields and more. You start at the iron age, advancing to the medieval age, and later, the imperial age.","Putrefaction is a First Person Shooter with horror elements, lots of enemies and weapons, heavily inspired by old-school shooter classics.","Rebuilt and reimagined on the Unreal 4 engine. Armed with only a shotgun, explore an infinite number of procedurally generated dungeons avoiding traps, collecting loot, and fighting off monsters before succumbing to permadeath. Good luck, Captain.","Enter the surreal, disturbing, and ridiculous world of the Knobbly Crook in the first chapter of this old-school point and click adventure. The Knobbly Crook will be released in several chapters, all of them completely free. No ads, no tricks.",We offer you the extra opportunity to improve your regular version Antisquad to Deluxe version.,"Race across the Quantum Universe on super-fast race tracks in the simple, hypnotically beautiful and maddeningly addictive Chromadrome 2! All you have to do is try to stay on the perfectly straight race tracks!","Try and survive in the world of Nomad. Build a base and protect it from raiding players. Scavenge food, weapons and medical supplies around towns. Team up with other friendly players and make a base. Make your mark on the world of Nomad.",This is the free DEMO for Vapour: Part 1 an experimental horror game that blends old school and modern horror with the frantic gameplay of classic FPS games. Get a basic feel for the game and if you like it then purchase the full version for the full experience.,Production Inc. is a 2D puzzle game where you can make a production line to manufacture objects in any shape you want. You will be running a factory whilst trying not to go bankrupt. At the end of the week you will have to pay the debt.,"This is the original soundtrack pack of Gaokao.Love.100Days, created by indie music group &amp;quot;Days&amp;quot; for this game.",Who is Patchman and why shouldn't you be him? Find out in the game THEY don't want you to play!,Come and build your own dinosaur world with this unique Jurassic Island Zoo game! Operate a successful dinosaur park by attracting many visitors. Join the community and build your own creation! It takes only 2 minutes to build a Zoo: http://youtu.,"Robot Tsunami is an insane, fast paced and unique arcade style twin stick shooter, tower defence &amp;amp; shoot 'em up game all in one.",Total 18 costumes from the original &amp;quot;SAMURAI WARRIORS&amp;quot; title will be added. These unique costumes will give a fresh look to every battlefield!,New music tracks will become available to play during battles. Those tracks have been arranged especially for this title.,All-in-one pack of Edit Parts.,A set of Special Costumes. These unique and colorful costumes will give a fresh look to every battlefield!,"New mounts, &amp;quot;Black Shadow,&amp;quot; &amp;quot;Silver Coat,&amp;quot; &amp;quot;Ghost&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;Iron Coat,&amp;quot; will become available for use in battle.",A set of Special Costumes. These unique and colorful costumes will give a fresh look to every battlefield!,New music tracks will become available to play during battles. Those tracks have been arranged especially for this title.,Additional mounts will be added that can be used in battle.,The complete set of additional stages.,"Badland Bandits is a universe of steampunk, where pilots of deadly machines put resources before human lives. Get behind the wheel of most diverse machines, install unique modules and destroy enemies on earth and in the air improving your skills in each battle. * Mac-players - please read in full description below.","Start your craziest family holiday with a turbulent and crazy family journey in Sunny Hillride - even your pet parrot is on board! Race and jump across hilly, colorful landscapes of forests, deserts, snowy mountains and beautiful meadows.",Extend your experience with 4 new missions and 4 exclusive costumes. This pack also includes 5 costumes from One Piece: Pirate Warriors 2 as a free gift!,Extend your experience with 4 new missions and 4 exclusive costumes. This pack also includes 5 costumes from One Piece: Pirate Warriors 2 as a free gift!,"WHAM is like Heroes of Might and Magic, but in REAL-TIME, 3rd person and a slow-time system for amazing strategic battles! DOTA styled (single player) combat for the outposts.",Animals are the heroes in this hilariously quirky zombie shooter. Elephants with miniguns and sloths with flamethrowers are just a few of the crazy combinations available to take on the undead. Gaming with your friends has never been so much fun!,10 paint schemes!,8 paint schemes!,-18 New paint schemes!,Dig to find the ultimate diamond! Entertaining Casual Digging...,"Experience the life of a mountain lion in the brutal wild, Fight and maintain your territory, find a mate and raise cubs of your own which will grow into adults as your parenting skills are put to the test. Hunt prey, both big and small as you level up to become an effective and lethal hunter.","Forest Warrior is a 2D action combat game with unique aspects. Battle the true evil of the forest by using your weapons, specials and environment. Use your specials for building unique strategies to conquer the forest.",Explore the vast and beautiful world of Valley using the power of the L.E.A.F. suit: a fierce exoskeleton that grants exceptional speed and agility along with the phenomenal ability to manipulate the life and death of all living things.,Dash across the galaxy to save our Christmas roast in this festive edition of Chicken Invaders: Revenge of the Yolk!,"Dash across the galaxy... well, you get the picture. This time, you're up against the Easter bunny and his army of hatchlings!","When Silvia is hunted by the person behind the attempted murder she was assigned to commit, she knows the only option remaining is to face the deadly conspirator openly. In the heart of the local underworld, Silvia will discover a game of power in which everyone is an expendable pawn...",A monster hunt like no other -- Can you survive it?,"Enhanced for the frigid climate of the Skellige Archipelago, this set includes a jacket, gloves, pants, boots and horse tack.",Mix things up with this new and finely crafted outfit for Ciri.,Explore a forgotten village and discover its terrifying secret. Find out who or what slaughtered its inhabitants and use all your witcher skills to confront this mysterious force.,Slay your foes in new brutal and spectacular ways with this visceral and adrenaline-pumping DLC!,"Hungry for more action? Start a new game with all the skills and items from your previous playthrough, get better loot, slay even more ferocious beasts and relive the epic fantasy adventure that is The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt!","Become professional monster slayer Geralt of Rivia and explore Toussaint, a remote land untouched by war, where you will unravel the horrifying secret behind a beast terrorizing the kingdom.","Become Geralt of Rivia, a professional monster slayer, hired to defeat a man who possesses the power of immortality. The Expansion packs over 10 hours of new adventures, characters, monsters, romance, and a brand new storyline shaped by your choices.","Blues and Bullets is a dark and violent crime thriller. Set in an alternative Eliot Ness &amp;amp; Al Capone story, Blues and Bullets blends a stunning script with detective work to deliver an amazing interactive experience.","Potions: A Curious Tale is an adventure-crafting game where your wits are your greatest weapons and combat is not always the answer. Encounter fairy tale characters and stories from around the world as you play as Luna, a young witch who overcomes obstacles with the potions she brews.","Neptune Flux is a story-driven, open world adventure game set in a sci-fi ocean full of mystery and haunting beauty. Discover supernatural wreck sites, ancient artifacts, and dark secrets.",Full soundtrack for Ice Water Games' Viridi.,Thea: The Awakening is a turned-based strategic survival game inspired by the Slavic mythology and set in a procedural dark fantasy world infused with non-linear story and unique combat system.,"Race The Sun original soundtrack, composed by Forest San Filippo. Includes 6 tracks.","zen-like endless game mode for Race The Sun, with no leaderboards or setting sun.",Umihara Kawase is a girl who uses a fishing hook as a grappling hook. You’ll need quick reflexes to swing your way through the branching surreal environments. Use your brains to figure out the best way through. They say fish is brain food—you’re going to need it!,"An alien menace has descended on Earth! Defend the world from UFO invasion in this superb arcade shooter from Qute. Use your weapons effectively, deflect enemy bullets with your shield, and recapture the Moon from alien infestation!","We are currently planning an English release of Kagura Douchuuki! Kagura Douchuuki is a roguelike RPG where you control shrine maidens (miko) and battle against monsters. Dungeons are randomly generated, so the map layout, enemies, and items will be completely different with each play-through!","In POLICE TACTICS: IMPERIO you start your career as an aspiring police chief in Newport Falls, a city that is dirty and corrupt to its core. You are responsible for upholding law and order. Coordinate the emergency vehicles and personnel of the municipal precinct and put a stop to crime.","Steamroll is an adventure and puzzle game with a touch of minigolf gameplay. Help the junior engineer escape a collapsing mine by solving puzzles and shooting steamballs from your vehicle to create ramps, walls, activate triggers, blow things away, and more. Can you handle the pressure?","With a style inspired by Earthbound and Final Fantasy 3, The Princess' Heart features up to 15 hours of epic fantasy gameplay. Follow Princess Aerin on a quest to defeat her demons, both literal and metaphorical, in this light-hearted tale of hope and love.",Galagan's Island is an Arcade style Space Shooter paying loving homage to classic arcade style &amp;amp; difficulty. This Bullet Hell is sure to satisfy your Shmup Shortage! Featuring 25 LEVELS of handcrafted whimsical charm. Formations so pretty you almost don't want to destroy them.,"Ignite the dance floor, or any other floor with the Burnstar Original Sountrack! Featuring 46 original tracks; the Burnstar OST is the perfect companion for Backyard BBQs, 4th of July Celebrations, Tire Fires, Signal Fires, Sex on Fires, pretty much any kind of fire.",Super Star Path OST by MovieMovies1. Enjoy this shoot'em up style original soundtrack featuring catchy FM Synth retro tunes!,"A cemetery filled with hostile creatures. A church that will not save you. Complex puzzles. The return to the school where everything began. And a fragile, intelligent girl with a thirst for revenge.","Set in the distant future of 2406, Earth and the colonies of Mars are at the brink of war. Play as Captain Junius Fahrenheit onboard the Sierra as him and his crew are forced into a fight that will define the future of mankind altogether.","The Adventures of Tree takes you on an open ended adventure to save your fellow species from the evil invaders! Explore the vast open world to discover it's many secrets! With over 30+ hours of gameplay, The Adventures of Tree, is not something you'll want to miss out on!",This set contains new weapons available during a battle. Weapons will be added for all playable characters and all types of custom characters.,New costumes will be added for various characters. Those unique costumes will give a fresh look to every battlefield!,"You awake to discover yourself no longer in the company of good men or a fine seafaring vessel. Treasure... you remember something about treasure. Wayward is a turn-based, top-down, wilderness survival roguelike. Explore, build, and most importantly survive in these unforgiving lands.","Pushing The Envelope is a set of five challenging missions for FSX: Steam Edition. Each will push your abilities to the limit, with a wide variety of aircraft and locations across the globe.You will need considerable skill to complete these flight tests, ranging from a tail scrape test in the 747 to a high altitude demonstration in the...","The Gee Bee Model Z was an air racer built specifically to win the 1931 Thomson Trophy in Cleveland, Ohio.Designed and constructed by Granville Brothers (‘Gee Bee’) Aircraft, it proved to be a very capable aircraft with a 535-horsepower radial engine, and went on to win the trophy.","The Bf 109 was the Luftwaffe’s equivalent of the RAF’s Spitfire and these two fighters were to clash repeatedly during the Battle of Britain. This famous German aircraft saw action on many fronts, from the skies over Europe to Russia, and down to the heat of North Africa.","Experience stunning 3D light effects in Microsoft Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition!A2A Simulations 3D Lights REDUX ™ casts light out into 3d space, creating stunning visuals and a more immersive flying experience.",Upgrade Your Starting Flight!Friday Harbor is your default starting location in FSX: Steam Edition and this add-on completely upgrades it to a superb photo-real edition with levels of detail you've never experienced before.,"Built in 1946, the unique Seabee amphibian was a product of legendary aircraft designer Percival H. Spencer.Spencer is probably best known for selling his Air Car design to the Republic Aviation Corporation, as his contribution for the expected market boom for post-WWII personal aircraft.","The Jabiru J160 is one of Australia’s most popular training aircraft, with a wider cockpit, higher cabin and more leg room than other trainer aircraft.Created by Jabiru Aircraft Pty Ltd in Bundaberg, Queensland, the J160 has a cruising speed of 100 knots and is proven to be very economical.","The Grumman A-6 was the US Navy's premier precision strike aircraft for over 30 years.First introduced in 1963, the iconic A-6 saw extensive service in Vietnam and continued its life with various upgrades until being retired in 1997.","Virtavia’s Grumman EA-6B Prowler is the ideal addition to your virtual modern military fleet!The Grumman EA-6B is an American attack aircraft derived from the A-6 Intruder. The EA-6B variant has been developed into a long-range, all-weather, advanced electronic countermeasures platform, and is often used for gathering radio intelligence.","The demo of Lif, try before you buy.",It's &amp;quot;High Fins and cards galore!&amp;quot; as Sharky and Clowny are off to their latest deep sea adventure!,"A unique, dynamic, challenging, fully-voiced tower defence game for Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux. You begin at a small outpost at the edge of the human lands, and proceed to the elven, dwarven, and gnomish realms in an effort to save Alarameth from certain annihilation. First 2 levels!",Are you the best sumo?! Find out in this quirky multiplayer brawler that's a cross between Super Smash Bros. and QWOP. Duke it out and fight your way to the top!,The finale of LISA.Traverse the world as Buddy. Stake your claim and make your mark.,World War Two veteran and mentally-damaged alcoholic Hayden Warrick awakens from a night of drinking to find that his wife Elsie has mysteriously disappeared.,"Explore the psychedelic world of buggies in this game, racing with other remotely controlled machines to become the best Buggy on the planet!","Sol Divide delivers players with the action they are looking for and a story that places them right in the heat of the battle in this fantasy-based shooter. With 3 characters to choose from, players will battle their way through various levels in order to beat the evil Iftar who holds the magical sword Sol Divide.",Mobile Light Force (better known as Gun Bird in Japan) is a classic action packed vertically scrolling shoot'em up. Five adventurers join together for the first time in this action packed title to uncover the mystery of the ancient Magic Mirror.,"If you like your games violent, you’re in for a sick treat with Re-Loaded, the sequel to the popular blood-fest shooter Loaded. Re-Loaded is set over a number of 3D levels each more harrowing than the last. The sound effects will have you cringing, and the character animations show each minuscule trait of the six maniacs.","Superstar Dance Club is a character-based dancing game, compatible with Konami's DDR mat controller. Show your best moves with Suzy and friends as you tap your feet (or the controller) to the music. You'll start at the local club and if you're good enough, work your way to Superstar status where you can show off your hottest dance skills...","This small pack of NecroDancer extras includes the director's cut of our mini documentary (60% more footage), high resolution NecroDancer promo art created by other talented indies, and more!","Music. Lasers. Space. Plasma. Rockets. Bosses. Serene and peaceful space scenery, just to contrast this all. Melt your eyes off your face in Polynomial 2. Polynomial 2 is an amazing visual candy which tends to be a space shooter and a music visualizer.","Kingdom Come: Deliverance is a story-driven open-world RPG that immerses you in an epic adventure in the Holy Roman Empire. Avenge your parents' death as you battle invading forces, go on game-changing quests, and make influential choices.","Triangle Service presents the essential arcade experience! Power up your ship, evade enemy fire, and blast your way to the final boss in DeltaZeal!","Build up a world piece-by-piece using the power of the god-like Fates, while keeping them happy enough to avoid world-shattering temper tantrums!","Nuuk is the beautiful capital, and fastest growing city in Greenland. Despite the limited population, it stands with a long history of habituation, being first occupied by ancient Paleo-Eskimo people as far back as 2200 BC.Following an unstable past, Nuuk city boomed during the 1950s, when Denmark began to modernize Greenland.","REX Texture Direct 4 is the latest version of the acclaimed Texture Direct series by flight sim veterans Real Environment Xtreme.Not only do you get additional weather texture customization options such as low mid- and high level clouds, 14 types of lightening, and an array of thunder effects with Texture Direct 4, but it is jam-packed...","First designed by RS Johnson in 1940, the Globe Swift overcame many obstacles en route to production.Shortly after the aircraft was initially designed, World War II broke out, which meant the aircraft was unable to obtain certification until May 1946 after a series of design modifications carried out by KH 'Bud' Knox.","First flown in 1979, the Long E-Z is an amateur-built aircraft derived from Rutan’s earlier VariEze model. It is a canard pusher design optimised for long-range, fuel efficient flight and has the option of an additional internal fuel tank to push maximum range to more than 4,500 miles.","Guess HU? Virtavia is back with another stunning warbird, the Grumman HU-16B Albatross for FSX: Steam EditionServing mainly as a search and rescue aircraft with the US Air Force, the Albatross is an amphibious flying boat, first flown in 1949.","Add a touch of Accu-Sim to your FSX:Steam Edition fleet!Accu-Feel enables you to customize numerous aspects of your aircraft’s behaviour, from the level of turbulence and drag rumble experienced in different flying conditions to the amount of tyre screech on touchdown.","Tenzing-Hillary Airport (better known as Lukla Airport), the gateway to Mount Everest, comes to life in this stunning airport and scenery pack from Aerosoft. Lukla is known as being the first port of call for those attempting to scale this massive mountain.","Merrill C. Meigs stands out in flight simulation as one of the most well-known and frequently visited destinations for virtual pilots. Before its tragic demise, the airport served as the default starting location, and for many years the only location, for the Microsoft Flight Simulator series up until Flight Simulator X.","Heinkel's He 219 Uhu, recreated for FSX: Steam Edition by A2A Simulations Aircraft Factory, is undoubtedly one of the most advanced aircraft to emerge from World War II. Conceived solely as a gun platform to serve as a defensive night fighter, the Uhu featured a bubble-top cockpit that was placed well forward, affording the pilot superb...","Kilimanjaro Airport for FSX: Steam Edition covers the airport and the immediate surroundings, and also includes detailed models of Mount Kilimanjaro and Mount Meru, which dominate the area. These majestic landmarks provide an exotic and adventurous backdrop for a variety of aviation experiences, from commercial flights to bush piloting.","FS Global 2010 is a terrain enhancement pack for FSX: Steam Edition developed by PILOTS!, which provides updated 3D mesh scenery for the whole world, including areas that are not covered by SRTM data such as Antarctica, Greenland, Iceland, Russia and Scandinavia.","Bienvenue à l'aéroport de Paris Orly! Prior to the construction of Charles de Gaulle Airport, Orly was the main airport serving the city of Paris, the capital of France. Even with the shift of most international traffic to Charles de Gaulle Airport, Orly remains the busiest French airport for domestic traffic and the second busiest...",The history of the Albatros D.III started in the spring of 1916 when the Imperial German Air Force ordered several factories to design a new single seater biplane capable of competing with the new Allied designs in order to gain air superiority over the Western Front.,"Developed by a real commercial pilot, FS Academy: On Instruments combines video tuition, flight briefings, approach charts and FSX missions into a full training package for the sim pilot that wants to take their experience to the next level.","The F11F Tiger was first conceived in 1952 as the result of a design effort to create a low-drag, supersonic aircraft based on the Area Rule, which resulted in the Tiger's distinctive, wasp-waisted fuselage and thin wings.","The F-5E Tiger II is an improved version of the original F-5 Freedom Fighter that entered service with the US Military in the early 1960s. It is a lightweight, supersonic fighter-bomber with great agility and load-carrying capability.","REX Soft Clouds is a volumetric-like soft cloud texture add-on for FSX:Steam Edition, designed to give a true volumetric feel to clouds and recreate the experience of volumetric haze and fog.REX Soft Clouds is tailored to low and high-end systems alike and is accessible through Steam via the Tools menu in the Steam client.","Explore some of the most dramatic scenery on Earth with the latest action-packed mission add-on from First Class Simulations!Australia and New Zealand have much to offer pilots, from spectacular coastlines to a wild and rugged interior. Will, your tour guide, offers local aviation and general knowledge while you explore the region.","Give your favourite default FSX: Steam Edition airport a makeover with Zinertek’s HD Airport Graphics!Useable on all 24,000 default airports in FSX: Steam Edition, this package includes over 400 textures that add detail and realism to airports around the world.","Natural Tree Environment X is a realistic vegetation texture package which replaces all the auto-gen trees with detailed and realistic ones in FSX: Steam Edition.With over 170 new and detailed realistic tree textures in high definition that greatly enhance your auto-gen tree experience in FSX: Steam Edition, Natural Tree Environment X...","World Environment 2012 is a weather texture enhancement package, which brings a new level of visual realism to FSX: Steam Edition. This pack features over 250 new textures that significantly enhance the visual environment, no matter where and when you fly - adverse weather conditions become more visually intense and sunny skies more...","Aerosoft’s Diamond DA20-100 Katana 4X is proof of the old saying ’what looks good, flies good’. The Katana is a cutting-edge GA aircraft made out of fibre-reinforced composites. Originally designed to be a training aircraft, it is primarily used by private pilots who enjoy the wonderful flight dynamics and its economical running costs.","Skychaser features an exclusive Extra 330SC stunt aircraft created by established flight simulation developer IRIS Flight Simulation Software, accurately modelled down to the finest details, including a fully functional cockpit with authentic audio captured from a real-life engine.","FTX Trees HD is a complete overhaul of FSX: Steam Edition’s auto-generated tree textures, lending new immersion to your flight simulation experience! Developed for ORBX by Scott Armstrong, these tree textures are double the resolution of default trees, resulting in greater detail, and are derived from high-resolution photographs of real...","Embraer’s 145LR is a 50 passenger variant of the Brazilian Embraer Regional Jet (ERJ) line-up. Launched at the Paris Air Show in 1989, the 145LR was intended to offer greater speed and comfort than the turboprop aircraft typically in use at the time. The LR suffix indicates a long-range variant with increased fuel capacity.","Grow your Embraer Regional Jet fleet with the latest aircraft add-ons available for FSX: Steam Edition from FeelThere. Based on the Embraer 145LR, which debuted at the Paris Air show in 1989, the 135LR and 145XR variants offer slightly different configurations to address different service requirements.","From the talented team at Aeroplane Heaven comes the latest addition to FSX: Steam Edition's impressive fleet of Pipers, the Aztec PA-23-250-D.This Aztec variant is an upgraded version of the original Piper PA-23, formerly named Apache, which features two 250hp Lycoming O-540 engines, a longer nose for baggage storage, six seats, a swept...","The Extra 300S is a single-seat competition and aerobatic aircraft first flown in 1992.Unlike the original two-seat 300 model, the 300S has only one seat and slightly larger ailerons. The aircraft uses a number of different materials in its construction, including steel, carbon composites, fibreglass and aluminium, all in the name of...","Located in the Mojave Desert in California, the dry climate, palm trees and sand as far as the eye can see characterize Twentynine Palms Airport and the surrounding area. Originally opened as a US Army Air Force base in 1942, the facility is now a public airport with two paved runways at an elevation of 1,888 feet.","The Embraer Phenom 100 is a Very Light Jet (VLJ) developed and built by Brazilian aircraft manufacturer Embraer.It is normally configured to carry four passengers, but can optionally carry seven passengers with a single crew. First flown in 2007, this twin-engine jet has a range of around 1,200 miles and can fly up to 41,000 feet.","If you're looking for an aircraft which is a little feisty, needs attention and adds some spice to your flying adventures, then the Rutan Q200 is perfect for you.The Rutan Q200 add-on features a 'fictional' version of the famous 1980s Q200 Dragonfly.","The WT-9 Dynamic by Aerospool is a sleek, composite sport aircraft and is an extremely popular plane in Europe, found at most all flight schools. Its performance makes it a great cruiser for trips as well as a popular aircraft in flying clubs and flight schools. They are also a first choice for glider tow planes across Europe.","Designed by air racer Steven Wittman, the Tailwind is an amateur-built two-seat aircraft first built in the 1950s. Combining relatively low build costs with exciting 200-mph performance, the Tailwind proved a success and more than 350 examples have been built.","Czech Republic (Czech: Česká Republika) is a country located in Central Europe, lying between 12°05'E and 18°50'E, and 48°35'N and 51°05'N. The capital of the country is Prague (fifteenth largest and fifth most visited city in Europe).","Designed to represent the pinnacle of fixed-wing aircraft safety, the ERCO Ercoupe monoplane was first manufactured by the Engineering and Research Corporation ERCO in 1939. Production continued after the War in 1945, with more than 30 aircraft per day being produced during peak demand, and the type still enjoys a faithful enthusiast...","Velocity XL RG is an amateur-built 4-seater aircraft and is the flagship of the Velocity range (XL standing for Xtra-Large). Essentially a larger version of the SE, it is of canard-pusher configuration and features a retractable landing gear, with engine options up to 310 horsepower.","The 737 Extreme Sound by TFDi Design is an accurate sound pack for the Boeing 737 NG series. This sound pack simulates realistic internal and external spool, real world buzzsaw/engine grind sounds, accurate battery and cockpit ambience noises, and immersive ground rolling sounds.","Palo Alto Airport (KPAO) serves the area at the south of San Francisco Bay in Santa Clara County, California, USA. Construction began in the mid-1930s and development has continued over the years as usage has increased.","Nikos Kazantzakis Airport (LGIR) in Heraklion (or Iraklion, if you prefer the Greek) is the second-busiest airport in Greece. Squeezed in between the sea and the city, it has one of the most scenic approaches in the Mediterranean. Heraklion’s location and pleasant climate make it an incredibly popular destination for many people.","The tiny airport, the thrilling approach, the narrow margin between a good landing and a landing which ends in the perimeter fence: they make Kastellorizo a special destination for every pilot.‘The Aegean Pearl’ has been recreated in its entirety for FSX: Steam Edition, including the rough mountains, the unique airport and the village of...","Toukiden Kiwami - Mission Collection 1, 2 and 3 are included in this bundle. The materials obtained upon clearing the missions can be used to create new armor.",Manage a family restaurant business.,"Animated Puzzles Star is a Jigsaw - style puzzle game with a fun and fascinating twist, animated pictures. A wonderful pastime, in which beautiful photos are combined with natural motions and effects, giving you a puzzle experience above the ordinary.",Journey Of The Light - Soundtrack includes all 8 tracks from Journey Of The Light.,"Penarium is set in a sinister circus arena, where contestants, much like Gladiators of old, are forced to entertain a sadistic crowd. In this frantic 2D arena arcade game, you take on the role of our quirky antihero; Willy who, to survive, is forced to run, jump and avoid an array of killer death-traps.","Bloo Kid 2 is a classic 2D retro-style platformer experience with lovely designed pixel-graphics and a full chiptune soundtrack. Run, jump and swim your way through five huge worlds with twelve levels each. Master brutal bossfights and discover lots of secrets in the world of Bloo Kid 2.",Official sound track for Cosmophony. Composed by Dj Salaryman. Tracklist: 1. Level 0 - Training 2. Level 1 - PingBounce 3. Level 2 - Acid Attack 4. Level 3 - Firefunk 5. Level 4 - Ignite 6.,Technolust is a fully realized cyberpunk dystopia presented as an interactive visual novel. Unravel a mystery involving mass suicide and corporate control... or just hang out in the arcade and play mini games. This is your world now. Trust your TECHNOLUST.,The original soundtrack from RymdResaMusic composed by Tom Croke and Pat JacobsThe Soundtrack will be placed in your game folder in the Steam Directory:…Steam\SteamApps\common\RymdResa\SoundtrackTracklist :1. Embla Colonizer 2. Vanadis3. Ithun Scout4. Lokasenna5. Skadi Cruiser6. Gylfi Command7. Oden Alpha8.,This DLC contains the full original soundtrack from The Black Watchmen.,Gravity Error is an indie 2D puzzle/platformer about changing gravity. Guide Force in his quest seeking emotional stableness in a set of levels and avoid being crushed. Solve the puzzles in multiple creative ways.,Alteil Horizons combines Tactical RPGs (like Final Fantasy Tactics) with the deck-building and collecting elements of card dueling games.,A brand new &amp;quot;Mahjong Pretty Girls Battle&amp;quot; is now about to begin! Cute school girls gathered for a hot Mahjong battle! An extraordinary collection of Pretty School Girls is waiting for you! Authentic Japanese Mahjong rules. Including settings for some famous local rule variants.,"Tales of Cosmos is an open world sci-fi adventure game focusing on puzzles, space travel, and exploration.","Panzermadels! The first dating simulator to deliver a thoughtful look at tanks, and the men who date them!",Surrounded by blood freezing phobias intent on absorbing her into oblivion,"Admit it — when you were a kid you used the floor, carpet, walls, bathtub and even the dirt in your backyard to race your mini cars; didn't you? Well those days are back and this time Mom won't be yelling at you for making a mess.","A magic world, epic heroes, bright graphics, excellent humor and absorbing gameplay – “Three Heroes”!",The Crookz - The Big Heist &amp;quot;Sneak Peek Demo&amp;quot; features 4 challenging missions set in the funky 1970’s with a slick and groovy atmosphere. Show off the art of thieving by plotting stylish heists and robberies; utilizing espionage and quick-thinking to avoid detection.,"Choose the creative experience only SONAR offers: advanced technology, effortless workflow, and an inviting interface that amplifies inspiration. Fueled by 30 years in the relentless pursuit of innovation, SONAR is re-inventing the modern recording studio.","Learn how to play recorder step by step with music tracks specifically composed for music education! 🎶 The notes you play are detected over your computer's microphone, so that you can help Cornelius the dragon protect his tower of strawberries from the greedy bats. 😉 Have fun!","Not long after Celia leaves her home to go on an adventure (and maybe, just maybe, to avoid getting married to Ced the creep) she finds herself in the village of Villageville, where she meets another runaway.",Fly in some of the most notable air battles of WWII in powerhouses of the sky. This fully 3D VR experience puts you behind the stick of a P51 mustang air fighter to defend and destroy key targets in the allies’ fight against the axis powers.,Explore the deepest SECRETs™ of the Tremendous Corporation®. Find out what happened to indie devs and save the gaming industry!,"STASIS The isometric, point-and-click, sci-fi horror adventure game! In the distant future aboard a seemingly abandoned spacecraft, John Maracheck awakes from stasis. He must push himself to new physical and emotional limits and unravel the mysteries around him.","Discover the universe of Highlands with the beautiful music of Simon Tardif, Simon Lacelle and Brent Gibbons.",Signal to Noise is a classic-inspired music-driven rail shooter. Welcome to the next generation of music-driven gaming.,"Engage in multiplayer VR gunfights that capture real gun play like no FPS you've played before. Pilot and fortify Hover Junkers as you physically walk, duck, dodge and aim in cross ship combat.","Things are getting steamy in Trove! Run, sail, or soar into the world of Trove in steampunk style. Enter this portal to the pixelated realms of the Sun Goddess with a heartbroken companion cube at your side, or share the mysterious contents of an orange box with a friend. Are you still hovering here? Join the action!","Tap Tap Infinity is a fully 3D incremental RPG. Hire Heroes to fight for you, even with the game closed! Gain unimaginable DPS, mountains of gold, conquer thousands of levels and millions of monsters on your quest to defeat ‘The Master'.",&amp;quot;It is inevitable that man will one day live among the stars&amp;quot; Inevitability is a game where you can build a space empire! Collect materials to craft parts and build your very own fleet of starships and stations block by block. Manage relations with eight factions spanning four alien races.,"Incandescent is a fast paced action arcade game that scales the difficulty to your skill level. The goal is simple, pilot your ship and defend yourself against waves of unique enemies and bosses. Different powerups will drop to help you with upgrades to your weapons and health.","Create your own hero, train your superpowers and battle crooks and villains in this tongue-in-cheek hex based match-3 RPG. There's never a dull moment in Vigilance Valley!","Axion is an open world first/third person shooter with rpg and survival elements. The game is single player or multiplayer with LAN and online capability. Features include a large open world, character development and storyline in both single and multiplayer.","Fishing Planet is a FREE to play unique and highly realistic online first-person multiplayer fishing simulator developed for anglers to bring you the full thrill of actual fishing! Choose your lures, make your trophy catches, discover new possibilities and sharpen your real angling skills anywhere, anytime with your friends!",The double-album soundtrack to Superstatic - a top down shooter where you possess and control your enemies.,Browse social media at the speed of light. Watch your friends grow old in the blink of an eye. Realise there's nothing you can do about it. Tell your friends you love them one last time.,"Take control of the skies like never before in a full Virtual Reality world! Airplanes on fire, commuter aircraft low on fuel, mid-air collisions, emergency helicopter rescues, military exercises and so much more!","If you love shoot ‘em up and you love ‘em hard, with glorious music, with screen filling bullet patterns and huge token cancels, then Don’yoku is just for you!","Zombie Killtime is a fast-paced, action-packed, zombie platform shooter with 4 player coop gameplay. Survive against endless waves of zombies with your friends as you upgrade your guns and earn new ones.",Original soundtrack and wallpapers for game Cradle.,"Create your own hero, train your superpowers and battle crooks and villains in this tongue-in-cheek hex based match-3 RPG. There's never a dull moment in Vigilance Valley!",Relive the halcyon years of steam hauled freight services in the US with this stunningly modeled Trainz Simulator addon. This stunning train has been upgraded to give you the best experience. The Nickel Plate has had its Train Motion settings tweaked to mimic realistic behaviour using the new Train Motion system in TANE.,"Anima Gate of Memories is a third person action RPG that tells the story of two beings bound by an unwilling pact, an ancient monster and a girl who lost her past... Anima is mostly focused on combat and exploration, but it also has deep roleplaying elements.","In Demon Horde Master you fight your opponent in a 1-on-1 chess like strategy card game with your own army of demons through which you cast your powerful magic and defeat your opponent to become the new leader of hell! For this you have 45 different spells, and 20 demons available.",Official soundtrack for Kholat. Created by Arkadiusz Reikowski and IMGN.PRO. Including song Farewell with Mary Elizabeth McGlynn.,Herald is a choice-driven adventure set on colonial tides. Board the HLV Herald and uncover its dark secrets in an intriguing tale about tyranny and servitude.,"Teeworlds is a free online multiplayer game, available for all major operating systems. Battle with up to 16 players in a variety of game modes, including Team Deathmatch and Capture The Flag. You can even design your own maps!","Break-neck dungeoneering with 1 hit point. You play Barbara-ian, a mythical badass with perma-rage &amp;amp; a penchant for smashing. Featuring super fast paced physics based mayhem, one hit is all that stands between you and a quick...","Râmnicu Vâlcea, Romania has only 120,000 residents, but among law enforcement experts, it has a nickname: Hackerville. In the last year alone, $1 billion was stolen in the U.S. by Romanian hackers. Others have been caught breaking into the email accounts of NASA, Hillary Clinton and George W. Bush.","Toukiden Kiwami - Mission Collection 4, 5, 6 and 7 are included in this bundle. The materials obtained upon clearing the missions can be used to create new weapons and armor.","Toukiden Kiwami - Mission Collection 8, 9, 10 and 11 are included in this bundle. The materials obtained upon clearing the missions can be used to create new weapons and armor.","Boss 101 is an action adventure game with you taking the role of Max, a teenager with a jetpack. Help your brother and save the world at the same time. Buy weapons, hats, upgrades while you battle millions of randomly generated bosses.","Build railways, manage traffic and stay accident-free. Play in Europe, America, Japan and USSR in 1830-2020. Complete the story mode from the Gold Rush of 1849 to the first manned spaceflight, and then explore the random mode. Management. Construction. Trains. Welcome to Train Valley!","The game of bocce (known also as bowls or bocce ball) is an ancient sport that requires skill, strategy and a little bit of luck. Bocce Revolution allows you to experience the thrill of a great game of bocce by challenging your friends or the computer.","New cars, new tools, new options, more parts and much more fun in the next version of Car Mechanic Simulator! Take your wrench! Create and expand your auto repairs service empire. Car Mechanic Simulator 2015 will take you behind the scenes of daily routine in car workshop.","B.A.D is an intense and enjoyable Shoote'em up game that captures the feeling of controlling a mass-produced humanoid robot (Battle Armor) piloted by a single soldier while keeping the realistic fast-paced action in a dramatic large scale conflict, from various Factions of Earth and Mars.",A race to earn big money in this buying and selling property game. Outwit your opponents and make them stay for 6 nights. Charge them big rents and claim total domination.,"A science-fiction visual novel centered on the implications of time travel, artificial intelligence, and humanity's ascent to the stars.","Sky Rogue is a fwooshy rogue-lite action flight simulator! Blow things up over land, sea, and air, on an infinite number of procedurally-generated islands. Go toe-to-toe with enemy aces or assault giant flying aircraft carriers, but watch out for volleys of missiles; when you die, you're dead.",Frantic platforming at a brutal difficulty! Be the Ted and Kill the UnDead!,"Run an adventurers shop – a serious business in a fantasy environment. Stock your store with dangerous weapons, fancy hats, sturdy armour and magical potions.",A life-sim game with a story which is difficult to understand. Live and find the truth.,"Cruel Arena is a classic arena survival zombie game. Face endless hordes and survive as much as you can, Through The Doodles and The Frames!! Will you do the best record among your friends?",Weapons inspired by a Chinese folk story. Equip these Journey to the West weapons at the same time to improve their performance in-game!,"Three solid weapons that represent the core of classic CS combat, with the added presence and zeal of a Dragon.",Introducing a spooky new level ‘Asylum &amp;amp; Rehab’ with two new interesting targets to plot and set a trap for. Put your insanity on display in this macabre setting!,"Introducing a brand new level with top secret military missions, the Army Barracks. You have two targets to deal with while every mistake of yours could prove to be your undoing.","The Death Gods at the university have been avoiding these targets for a long time due to their dangerous nature. However, it is this very nature that makes it a perfect fit for a test to determine DGUs best student!","Immerse yourself in a lost paradise, with mystery beyond its pristine shores.","Need some extra content and would like to help charity? Then purchase our DLC Charity pack were all our profits will be donated to Caudwell Children. The pack features an exclusive ship, 15 new levels and licensed music tracks from Universal including Chase &amp;amp; Status, Kove, Modestep and Nero.","Download music pack 1 to access even more music from Chase and Status, Kove, Modestep and Nero",This new addition to the award-winning War in the East fills out your collection of Eastern Front scenarios with a range of new and challenging battles.,This expansion comes with a wide array of later war scenarios ranging from short but intense 6 turn bouts like the Battle for Kharkov (1942) to immense 37-turn engagements taking place across multiple nations like Drama on the Danube (Summer 1944 – Spring 1945).,"Hydraulic Empire is a Tower Defense game with RPG elements focusing on strategy, interactions between mobs, and persistent upgrades. Hydraulic empire is a must have for any true Tower Defense fan, and for those that are not it is a gateway into the tower defense genre.",Extend your gaming experience with this official extension for Farming Simulator 15! This free DLC contains two new vehicles from New Holland.,"Stardrift Nomads is a dual-stick shooter with a focus on cooperative play and retro action. Build and upgrade 12 unique towers, customize your ship to fit your play style, and seize victory with up to 8 players!","Dare to travel the absurd and dangerous Orion Trail, where only the luckiest, bravest, and most stubborn captains will make it all the way to the end. Become famously incredible or incredibly dead in this single player choose-your-own-space-adventure!",Dragon Rider is a VR Compatible intense multiplayer arena game set in the skies on the back of a Dragon! Short matches with up to 4 players make for fast paced action.,"Get ready for Classic Arcade Brick-Breaking Action from a whole new perspective in Virtual Reality!The entity known as M.O.A.I. has attacked, and the fate of the world is in your hands! You have been chosen to compete in the most diabolical game of atomic paddleball ever to grace the 3rd dimension.","Bezier is a dual stick blaster set inside a vast computer built deep underground. The story traces the principal's escape from this &amp;quot;Noah's Ark&amp;quot; gone wrong. A simple shooter on the surface, the deeper narrative pulls in his relationship between evolution and god, family and love.",Mallow Drops is a gravity puzzle where two kiwis try to rescue their lost eggs in a shattered world. Getting to where you need to go is half the fun - just be sure to look before you leap!,"Abandon the brainless card games and play the real strategic cards game, 3 kinds of card types: Unit, Spell, Trigger. Next-Generation Revolutionary cards battle game in 3D with hundreds of stunning battle visual effects. Experience real-time match making and battle with players around the world.","Shred! is an adrenaline fuelled gaming experience that translates the intensity, flow and lifestyle of Downhill and Freeride Mountain Biking!","Discover the wonders of an uncharted island and help the natives restore their ravaged land to its former glory in Moai: Build Your Dream! Overcome the fury of an active volcano, hordes of attacking ghosts and the threat of dwindling resources as you guide the hero and a native princess on their quest.","Deceptively whimsical, Dandy is a perma-death side-scrolling shoot 'em up with stacking power-ups. Different on every playthrough, with reactive enemies that force you to use strategy.",Life of Rome is a third and first-person MMORPG set in the world of 320AD Rome. Choose to be Roman allegiance or Rebels; designed to emphasise roleplay and community using family systems and player-driven politics.,Tighten the ranks on your path to glorious victories in Allods Online! Team up with your friends to explore the dangers of the mysterious Astral. Together you will prevail!,"The Anathar Pack includes 90 days of Booster Packs, 2 powerful sidekicks : The Flame and Cloud Knights, the Phoenix Pet, the Gobball War Chief and its Harness, the Vampyre Costume, the King Kong Super Emote, Change Class potion LVL 1 to 200, she Shushu Bedroom set, a Super Growth Kibble, the White Sadida Bag and a Steam-Exclusive decorati","Drive all kinds of RC Cars, Boats, Planes or Quad Copters on any of the RCSim 2.0 Workshop Tracks. RCSim includes an in-game Track editor to create an infinite amount of scenarios. So race your friends, go RC rock crawling, dogfight other quadcopters or just enjoy exploring.",Kemomimi (animal ears) costumes for the 4 main characters,Super Cyborg is an old school non-stop hardcore run'n'gun action game! You are an elite battle cyborg who is sent in to investigate a series of anomalies on a mysterious island. The merciless alien known as the 'Xirxul life form' has been awakened by unwitting scientists and now: all humanity is in danger!,"1872, with a steampunk twist. Phileas Fogg has wagered he can circumnavigate the world in just 80 days. Travel by airship, submarine, mechanical camel, steam-train and more. Race other players and a clock that never stops in TIME Magazine's Game of 2014.",This VRC PRO Deluxe off-road tracks 2 pack gives you 5 additional off-road RC tracks from all around the world. ✓ Expand your off-road tracks ✓ Experience real existing world class tracks ✓ Join more events &amp;amp; more multiplayer...,This VRC PRO Deluxe Asia on-road tracks pack gives you 5 additional on-road RC tracks from Asia continent. ✓ Expand your electric on-road tracks ✓ Experience real existing world class tracks ✓ Join more events &amp;amp; more multiplayer...,"This professional license gives you access to all cars, all components, all accessories and all tracks for UNLIMITED TIME, including ALL FUTURE RELEASES of new cars, car parts and tracks.","DRIFT 84 puts you at the wheel of over 6 realistic, ESC disabled drift racing cars as you make your way around over 50+ tracks across Europe. A hyper-addictive, easy to play racing game that can offer 30 seconds or 30 minutes of high octane drifting.","'Spectra' by ChipzelChipzel is the alias of Niamh Houston, a London based independent chip-musician from Northern Ireland who indulges in the use of Gameboys to create energetic, melodic dance tracks.Track Listing1. Spectra - 03:562. Tokyo Skies - 03:523. Forged in Stars - 03:16 4. Formed in the Clouds (Interlude) - 02:225.","Welcome to the Awesome Level MAX. I'll be your guide. This DLC pack features 2 themed events: - The Awesome Adventure featuring a unicorn-riding cat - RedLynx vs All-Stars: the dev team vs the elite track creators This new DLC pack features 30 all-new tracks, 10 Supercross tracks, 5 new garage items and more than 130 Editor objects.","In “My Paper Boat”, the player takes over control of an eponymous paper boat and steers it through various waters. In the course of this, some challenges are waiting. It is a small game, ideal for the meantime – and thus, My Paper Boat it is a lot of fun.","Koala Kids is a puzzle-platformer game, in the style of retro games like Lode Runner. Includes Hot-seat Coop and Level Editor.","Red Rope is a terrifying, enigmatic adventure for 1 or 2 players who want to test their bond. Explore the Labyrinth, get acquainted with its bizarre inhabitants, its secrets and its rules. Face enemies, traps, puzzles, and ferocious bosses. Only the best will find the way out and become heroes.","Induction is an abstract puzzle game about time travel and paradoxes. As you master its logic, Induction aims to rewire how you think about cause and effect.",Bard's Gold is a challenging platformer that let's you explore eerie worlds in a quest for a Goblin that stole your gold. Help the Bard to overcome the dungeon’s many dangerous perils and use your new-found treasures to improve your character and to buy new weapons and gear!,"Xenocide, the savage struggle to survive against an endless horde of enemies intent on tearing you a new one.","Commence your Jedi training in this Star Wars virtual reality demo experience. Repair the Millennium Falcon, defend it from attack by Imperial Stormtroopers, and wield a LIGHTSABER.","In Fritz Chess Master Class Volume 1: Bobby Fischer, a team of experts shows you the winning techniques and strategies employed by the 11th World Champion.","In Fritz Chess Master Class Volume 1: Bobby Fischer, a team of experts shows you the winning techniques and strategies employed by the 11th World Champion.","Dragon Saga is a free to play arcade style side scrolling 3D Fantasy MMORPG set in a world of Dragons and magic. Choose one of six classes (Warrior, Mage, Thief, Archer, Shaman, and Twin Fighter) and explore a rich world filled with unique monsters. Power up to unlock devastating abilities, hidden combos and hilarious skill effects.","Mindshow lets you make animated movies in VR with your body and voice! Become 3D cartoon characters, act out a show, and share it with your friends!","Your smartphone is your character! Eon Altar brings modern technology to the social experience of couch co-op gaming. Voice your character, choose which secrets to keep and what lies to tell. Gather your friends, order the pizza and descend to the depths of the Eon Altar!",In the Scraps Builder Demo you can try out building vehicles and testing them out on the test map. It can also be used to join LAN games if the host owns the full version. The full version offers full single-player and multiplayer vehicle combat.,"Neoncube is a 2D-platformer in which you have to save Neoncity from the evil neon-bosses. Features include a Leveleditor, a Singleplayer and Coop-Multiplayer campaign, a Player Customization, Achievements and Trading Cards to fulfill your desires!",Jump into the action and battle your way through hordes of aliens from canyon deserts to tropical islands inside fully destructible environments ! Complete the story-driven levels to unlock weapons and perks or play the survival mode and try to hold on for as long as possible !,"Virtual Desktop is an application developed for the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive that lets you use your computer in VR. You can browse the web, watch movies, Netflix or even play games on a giant virtual screen.","Journey to the Center of the Earth is a 2D platformer about exploring giant caves and dying of thirst. Based on the Jules Verne novel, players control three adventurers with unique powers and have to make their way through 18 expansive levels, solve puzzles, avoid traps and find the well hidden secret at the center of the Earth.",Japan's take on classic Commodore 64/Amiga action-adventure games. NOT a Metroidvania. Use your wits and your weapons to discover an ancient secret and gain your redemption. Art and music by Japanese legends of console gaming.,"World War III is over, the world's infested with mutants and your supplies are running out. Fight your way down this damned hotel, from your penthouse on top to the first floor. Craft weapons, search for food and reach the exit. Otherwise you'll be torn apart, starve to death or maybe both...","Skin &amp;quot;Beta&amp;quot; for Aspid, Skin &amp;quot;Beta&amp;quot; for Cerberus, Skin &amp;quot;Beta&amp;quot; for Harpy, Skin &amp;quot;Beta&amp;quot; for Kondor, Skin &amp;quot;Beta&amp;quot; for Pyranha,Skin &amp;quot;Beta&amp;quot; for Mammoth, Unique premium combat vehicle BUFFALO! *Early Access is the only opportunity to get this vehicle.",Tehran is in the grip of fear following a series of grisly murders. Major Afshar has been tasked with finding those responsible.,"By popular demand, the magical music of Always The Same Blue Sky... is now available to purchase. Explore the mysterious island in a whole new way, featuring exclusive, never-heard-before tracks!",Survive the night in your rural home as a sinister apparition wreaks havoc in the stately manor. Protect your family from the ghost using a variety of tools and weapons found around the estate.,"The original soundtrack for the local multiplayer beat-em-up, 'Sumo Revise.","Abolish an Ancient Evil Threatening Devastation in this Adventure for the World's Greatest Roleplaying Game Called by the Elder Elemental Eye to serve, four corrupt prophets have risen from the depths of anonymity to claim mighty weapons with direct links to the power of the elemental princes.","Lizardmen race comes with its own unique AI and players (skinks, Saurus and Kroxigor) but also their own star players: Slibli and Hemlock! The biggest strength of the Lizardmen lies in the Skinks' nimbleness and Saurus' amazing power!","Listen to the music of the Multiverse with you, wherever you are!","Lightrise is a skill-based, player vs. player combat game which at the core is focused on fun, fluent and fast-paced combat. Lightrise gives players a combat experience not quite like anything else available out there.",It is the best edition of classic &amp;quot;Xonix&amp;quot; style game here and now.,A global-survival game where you must make laws as a group for the world to survive in a sensitive ecosystem.,Heart of Ember is a simple turn based RPG with a simple story.,"The 11 vs 1 online murder mystery that offers a ground-breaking take on the Survival Horror genre. Enter the Crawley Mansion for the annual Halloween scavenger hunt atop the infamous Devil’s Bluff. Mystery, deception, betrayal, and mayhem are the order of the day. Let the hunt begin!","Amber Throne is a turn-based JRPG-styled game about a girl in a desert world beneath a mysterious floating castle, and her quest to reach it.","Young Barthas Snow of the Northwatch goes forth to search for his lost uncle Banjo beyond the great wall. A difficult journey lies before him, on which he unwittingly awakens an unimaginable evil from a long dead era...","In ‘A Chance of Dragons’ devious dragons are infiltrating the world of Dungeons 2. In three all-new skirmish missions, you must do everything in your power to defeat the threat from dragons entrenched in the depths of an old castle who guard an ancient treasure of immense value.",A gorgeous set of costumes and weapons for you to get ready to parade with the colours of emblematic Tales of heroes.,Stuff your pockets with plenty of useful items to be ready before setting off on a adventure!,Swimming suits for all your team to give your adventure a smell of warm sand and summer holidays!,A set of accessories you'll definitely need to be at your best during your adventure.,"Get mythical Evangelion outfits for Rose, Edna, Lailah, Alisha and Sorey!","A set of Idolmaster-themed costumes for Rose, Lailah, Edna and Alisha!",A set of all Zestiria High School themed costumes for all playable characters in the game!,"Alisha has ended her journey with Sorey and begins to walk her path as a lawmaker and politician. Yet, she is still unsure of so many things. Will she find Sorey... And her own answers? An all new adventure in the world of Zestiria awaits you!","Super Dungeon Run is a fast paced, addictive action game in which you guide a party of hapless heroes on a quest for loot in the depths of a dark and dangerous dungeon!","Relic Hunters Zero is a FREE game about shooting evil space ducks and evil space turtles with tiny cute guns. It’s fast, it’s tactical, and feels delicious and smooth to play. Unlock new weapons, characters and relics to defeat the Ducan Commander.","Yatagarasu Attack on Cataclysm is an original, traditional-style 2D fighting game with 11 playable characters and which focuses on delivering solid game play and high quality production values.",This DLC adds two voice packs which were created as rewards for backers of the Yatagarasu Attack on Cataclysm IndieGogo campaign.,"Hot Lava transports you back to your childhood imagination. Relive those moments of excitement, joy and chaos. Traverse distinct worlds, from school hallways to the memories of your darkest fears. You will have to use all your skills to complete the treacherous obstacles that await.","The adventure of a young, scared, but smart girl.","The adventure of a young, scared, but smart girl.",Good Game follows the members of the Evil Geniuses Starcraft 2 team as they discover that one wrong move could end their dreams.,"In this hilarious and sexy stoner adventure, the blazed students and faculty of Austin's Ladybird High attempt to shake off their slacker demons to stand up for their lifestyle and the eccentric city they love.","Orlando, a lifeguard in the summer &amp;amp; gangster in the winter, abandons his life of crime and returns to his hometown of Priddy, Texas. After getting in over his head with his Olympic swimmer ex-girlfriend &amp;amp; a crew of volunteer firefighters, his former lifeguard gang comes after him and the contents of his fanny pack.",A healer is tormented by the dark side of his &amp;quot;gift.,"Men with Beards is a character-driven film where the talking heads have serious beards and fierce opinions on identity and self-expression. There are men, and there are men with beards.","Returning home from jail just before the arrival of his friends for their annual reunion weekend, Henry discovers a shocking tragedy. His rash and unpredictable response sets in motion a chain of events of secrets, revenge and murder that will forever change the course of everyone's lives, sweeping up the innocent and threatening to...","A house sitter bites off more than he can chew when a corpse shows up at the estate he's watching. Desperate to make a good impression, he convinces an old friend to help clean up the mess but the body count quickly increases.",Idealistic adventurer Dave and his convivial co-pilot Charlie journey down Route 66 in a ramshackle 1972 VW bus. Through setbacks galore the two discover a teeming underground of vintage VW diehards willing to help rally them on to California.,"Experience the global sharing phenomenon up close in Alexandra Liss' documentary about Couchsurfing. Liss couchsurfs for seven months through 21 countries and six subcontinents, exploring societal limits and implications for the emerging sharing economy. What would you share with a stranger?","LOSING LEBRON examines the impact of NBA star LeBron James' decision to leave the city of Cleveland. Told directly through the eyes of the fans he left behind, the film follows why sports are so important to their city.","A comedy about a fried seafood cooking competition. The 43rd Golden Scallop pits a food truck seeking redemption, an aging former champion and a well financed, novelty friendly fish house against each other in the truest test of short order cooking mettle.","'Aya: Awakenings' is an experiential journey by journalist Rak Razam into the world and visions of ayahuasca, a powerful hallucinogenic plant medicine from the Amazon, capturing the experience and the western dynamic around it in unprecedented detail.","Piercing Blow is one of world’s most popular FPS game played by 100 million users in 70 countries. This Free 2 Play online FPS (First-person shooter) is a fast-paced and easily enjoyed game. You can opt to personalize the character with massive selection of weapons, partial suits and character skins.","Conquer Europe, become an Emperor. Build your family’s dynasty through seven centuries, from 800 A.D. to 1492 A.D., up until the inevitable collapse of the feudal system.","WOOD ELVES race comes with its own unique AI and players (Passers, Wardancers, catchers, linemen and the Treeman) but also their own star players: Dolfar Longstride and Jordell Freshbreeze! Elves are amazingly agile and excellent passers and catcher. Avoiding other's tackles is a pure formality for them.","RETSNOM is an inventive pixel art puzzle platformer that allows player to break the map by mirroring sections of the level, and rearranging it on the fly to save a sick daughter.",A treat for kung fu cinema fans! Experience 24 bumping hip-hop tracks infused with the spirit of classic kung fu movie melodies. Each track sets the tone and rhythm as you navigate the menus and square off toe-to-toe with martial arts masters.,,"Control an ever-changing ball along a narrow winding course suspended in midair. Solve your way through challenging levels jam-packed with obstacles, traps and mazes.","Mindoki rejuvenates the rogue-like genre with easy to use gameplay, permanent upgrades and Schrödinger map generation in this fully moddable, action paced, semi turn based game, a Family of Grave Diggers! Come enjoin the family, a Family of Grave Diggers!","Unlock the 10 expansion characters in Yomi: Quince, Onimaru, Troq, BBB, Menelker, Persephone, Gloria, Gwen, Vendetta, and Zane.","The Fleets of Sol is an strategy-survival meets fleet management game where you command a group of capital ships as you jump from sector-to-sector engaging a persistent enemy, rescuing civilians, and trying to grow your fleet to improve your survival odds.","Assemble your fleets, fill your silos with nuclear warheads, conduct research, gather resources, and wage war in a vast galaxy in this unique take on 4X Strategy. Appoint Colony Supervisors to manage your colony and deploy Spy Satellites for the ultimate in skulduggery.","Empyrion - Galactic Survival is a 3D open world, space survival adventure in which you can fly across space and land on planets. Build, explore, fight and survive in a hostile galaxy full of hidden dangers.",The Piano Collection for SanctuaryRPG!,The Official Soundtrack For Glorkian Warrior.,Sumico is a very original number puzzle game. It challenges you with fun but deep gameplay. The game features 84 handmade levels and an Endless Mode which you can style to your liking. Enjoy!,"Dungeon Souls is an action-adventure roguelike dungeon crawler which draws heavy inspiration from Nuclear Throne, Risk of Rain, and Overture. Explore vast procedurally generated dungeons, collect loot, and slay hordes of challenging enemies!","Angels That Kill is a dark, first person adventure game that tells the story of two men as they uncover the truth behind a murder that has shaken the city. Play through both sides of the story and discover the truth behind the murder.",The powerful Don'Yoku soundtrack complete with all music from the game plus two bonus track.,"Hue is a vibrant, award-winning puzzle-adventure, where you alter the world by changing its background colour.","With a fast ship and the skills to fly it, you earn a living running dangerous missions for any sovereign who will hire you. But when a digital hyperintelligence threatens the entirety of Human Space, the only hope lies with the reclusive cyber-citizens of Eternity Port.","Delta Quadrant is a sci-fi turn-based strategy game with lite rogue-like elements. Destroy enemies to collect loot, gain experience to level up and use skill points to become stronger. Intended as a fun little sci-fi title, not too hardcore or difficult.",Asian Admiral Pack includes: • Famous ship of tier 5 of Asian region – Japan Junk along with a free ship slot on shipyard.,Cosmonautica - Original Soundtrack,"Be ready to face the World of Twelve with exclusive and powerful items! The Steel Beak Pack includes 30 days of Booster benefits, the Corbak Pet, a Dragosteed, the Hoodfella costume, the Feather Aura emote, 6 Vital Energy Cocktail, 2 Pet XP Boost, 3 STEAM Exclusive cosmetic items and the Foggernaut Bedroom Set.","In the first ever Permanent Alternate Reality Game, you join the ranks of The Black Watchmen, a paramilitary group dedicated to protecting the public from dangerous phenomena beyond human understanding: ritualistic murder, occult secret societies, and the paranormal, to name but a few.","British campaign covers the Anzac battle path from 1915 to 1918. Battles under the scorching sun in Gallipoli, in flooded trenches of Flanders and in the ruins of the towns of Picardy await you. The first tank attacks, sabotage operations, large-scale infantry battles and hill assaults.","The Abducted Original Soundtrack is a compilation of ambient, horror, action and techno tracks produced by VoodooHighway Music. The OST contains 49 original tracks in DRM-free, 256k MP3 format.","This DLC allows you to use Grand Designer at its full potential. All textures can be exported, at their highest resolution and using the highest quality.","After Sasha was deemed unworthy of redemption, she passed through the Nexus of Souls. Lilly, who had promised Sasha that she would never give up, followed her through the portal.",Vortex is a retro styled physics driven local multiplayer top down shooter where the goal is to fly around in neat looking spaceships and kill your opponents by making their lives miserable.,"Metro Warp is a 3D puzzle game about guiding oblivious pedestrians who can only turn left. Place obstacles in front of these predictable commuters, and help them find the exits in 50 mind-melting floating worlds, where up is down and down is sideways.","Squarelands is sandbox adventure game where you explore a randomly generated world while fighting, building and becoming stronger as you play! Mainly inspired by Terraria, Squarelands aims to provide plenty of freedom for the player.","Fight the gangs of Paris in this action packed Beat'Em up. Up to 4 players can join in, to cooperate, or fight against each other! Many unlockables, game modes, crazy combos and devastating furies await you in this deep fighting game.","Flesh Eaters is retro style single player RTS zombie survival game with resource gathering and crafting. Zombies are everywhere! You must gather resources to build barricades, upgrade weapons and armour and explore the city under the siege of the...",Expert Rifleman is the first 3D ballistics simulator available to the general consumer. It includes a full featured ballistics calculator allowing the simulation of any type of ammunition.,"The Sea of Stars Soundtrack includes two contrasting medleys: The fully orchestrated &amp;quot;Sea of Stars Suite&amp;quot; by Edwin Sykes and the enigmatic, ambient &amp;quot;Alien Space&amp;quot; by Rich Carlson.","Get the original Yargis music, and artwork including sketches and drawing!","The popular iPhone Flight Simulator with over 4,000,000 downloads world wide is now available on the Steam Network for PC and MAC. The Steam version features enhanced lighting effects, enhanced shadow effects, and all of the aircraft unlocked and available to pilot. Experience the thrill of flight with Flight Unlimited Las Vegas.",Kick butt in this retro 2D action-platformer! SEEP Universe is an indie game for PC inspired by the 8-16 bit era!,"This upgrades your regular edition Shadowrun Chronicles game to the cool Deluxe Edition, grants you the next campaign expansion for free as well as a mountain of in game items, 45 minutes of soundtrack and exclusive tabletop adventures and starter rules.","A Visual Novel set in the Deadlands Noir RPG Setting from Savage Worlds. * Now updated to include Episode 1 and 2 * New Orleans, 1935. Whoever called this &amp;quot;The Big Easy&amp;quot; sure got that one wrong. Things are tough all over. Honest work is hard to find, and even dishonest jobs are getting scarce.","This is Void&amp;amp;Meddler OST, full of noisy and electronic dreams.","Play as a hacker and take control of an ultra secret company to reveal the darkest secrets. But beware , you seem not to be alone and what you will discover could change the world ...",Stretch his arms and legs and seize freedom!Boneless Zombie is a unique 2D physics platformer in which you control a rubber-bodied zombie and make for the goal.,"Princess Kaguya is a Japanese-style beat ’em up game. Play as a beautiful princess dressed in traditional Japanese garb, and battle enemies using a kendama stick and a bow and arrows as weapons! Kaguya’s journey to save her twin sister, Sakuya, now unfolds!","Swords and Crossbones: An Epic Pirate Story is a high seas swashbuckling adventure! Explore the oceans, battle brigands, defend the helpless, find the lost treasure of a forgotten people, build and maintain your very own pirate island, and more! All of this in a fully realized role playing adventure from Epic Devs.","For the first time, RPG Maker 2000 is available in English! Since its debut 15 years ago, the beloved game-making engine has introduced untold amounts of users to the wonders of game design and continues to be a powerful, user-friendly tool.","As Perseus, the son of Zeus and protector of the Funk. Your task is to smash the rap, pop and rock of evil Musical Titans. Only one music can survive and the Funk is the music of the gods.","Judgement is a story-driven, decision-making adventure game, where your Judgement can mean the difference between life, death, or somewhere in between. It's a game of morality and how gray it can be.",You find yourself aboard a series of luxury 1920s cruise ships – a guest of the mysterious Mr X who has engineered your presence on board to take part in a murderous game. Buy The Ship: Remasted and get The Ship: Murder Party FREE! See below for details.,"Close Order is an arcade shooter with one simple goal: become a badass armada! In this mashup of genres, defeat enemies for parts to build up an armada of ships around you. Fight from a distance, charge headfirst into battle, or create a mix of anything and everything. You decide how to play!","Doomed'n Damned is an action game based on retro/classic platform games from Arcades and 16 bit consoles, but revised to the HD era. The level design, characters, plot and difficulty have a lot of influence from the late 80s and early 90s games. The development and production is by arc-gen, an one man indie game studio.","Nimbatus - The Drone Constructor is an action simulation game. Craft drones out of hundreds of different parts and explore a fully destructible, procedurally generated galaxy!","Extra Gallery for Area-X. To unlock, you need the get the password at the end of Side Story.FEATURESCharacter ProfileIllustration GallerySoundtrack GalleryConcept GalleryChibi GalleryItem GallerySeven Deadly SinArea-XXXAuthor's...","Firewatch is a single-player first-person mystery set in the Wyoming wilderness, where your only emotional lifeline is the person on the other end of a handheld radio.","Hank Krang, a dirty thief from the near future, recently had a self-aware time machine called the Time Excursion Digital Interface, or TEDI, fall into his lap after a poker game. He has decided to use this technology to go throughout time, stealing priceless artifacts.","Doorways: Holy Mountains of Flesh is an Immersive Horror Adventure, featuring a Complex Story and Deep Atmosphere.",Join the League of Mermaids on an amazing Match-3 Physics puzzle adventure!,"Join Cram, Cronos, Retla, and Esty as they discover the secrets behind the great ruins that lie beneath their feet in this combo-based, action packed indie RPG!","RIVALS OF AETHER is an indie fighting game set in a world where warring civilizations summon the power of Fire, Water, Air, and Earth. Play with up to four players locally or up to two players online.","Battle Fantasia Original SoundtrackSongs are placed in a separate folder, in your Steam install directory:...Steam\steamapps\common\Battle Fantasia Revised Edition\Battle Fantasia Original Soundtrack\* Format: MP3 * Soundtrack length: 44m 43s* Total size: 102 MB* 44100 Hz sample rate* 320 kpbs bitrateTracklist:1) Main Title 2) Character...","Cross of the Dutchman is an action adventure game based on the true story of the folk legend 'Pier Gerlofs Donia'. The story takes place in medieval Western Europe, in the province of Frisia, near the turn of the 16th century.","Castles tells the story of the ambitious King Harold, whose greatest achievement will be the tower you are constructing. As the tower grows taller and taller, more and more challenges arise along with it.","Florensia is a Free-to-Play MMORPG and with it´s 3D anime style the game shows you its legendary worlds ashore and at sea. Mysterious islands, the great ocean, dungeons, picturesque pirates and dangerous monsters are waiting to be discovered.","Impulse Revolution is a frantic, physics based racing game with an emphasis on local multiplayer. Take control of air hockey pucks in a neon-cyber world, competing in chaotic race modes and minigames, using a simple, challenging control mechanic.",Original soundtrack of [bDevouring Stars[/b] from composer Ryan Ike.,"INDUSTRY MANAGER: Future Technologies is a classic economy simulation in which you can build your own empire, research new sustainable products, and sweep aside the competition on your way to fame and success.","Descend into creative madness with Sketch Tales, a sandbox action RPG where what you draw becomes what you play! Build imaginative worlds, creatures, and weapons and watch your drawings come to life. Share your created worlds and maps with friends and battle it out in multiplayer.","Slybots: Frantic Zone is a dual-stick shooter reinvented with stealth mechanics. Immerse yourself in crazy 3-minute matches, be as sly as a robot and enjoy the adrenalin rush of the most frantic zone you’ve ever seen.","Pathologic Classic HD is the Definitive Edition of the original Cult Classic Psychological First-Person Survival game. In this unforgettable experience, players control one of three unique characters as they try to save a mysterious town from a deadly plague that cannot be stopped.","WonderCat is a thrilling one finger runner-platformer with a twist of reflexion. Help the WonderCat come back home through 5 worlds, 50 hand-made levels and 5 giant bosses. Collect the glowing stones to unlock 5 secret levels and extra achievements.","TeraBlaster is a top-down arcade shooter micro-game which draws heavy inspiration from Geometry Wars. Duke it out with hordes of enemies on randomly generated levels, trigger massive explosions, and die a truly glorious death.",There's no better way to show your apprieciation than buying something that's already free and used basically everywhere in the Internet. Get the fabulous soundtrack of Tremendous Corporation and support the Indie Rebelion!,Of course we wouldn't forget about the Day-One DLC - a fabulous hat!,"Welcome to Prominence Poker, a game that pits players from around the world against each other--and devious AI--to build the rep, prestige, and bankroll needed to be, and beat, the best of the best.","From the art director of Journey®, ABZÛ is a beautiful underwater adventure that evokes the dream of diving. Immerse yourself in a vibrant hidden world bursting with color and life as you descend into the heart of the ocean. But beware as you swim deeper as dangers lurk in the depths.","A brand new arcade puzzler from Gamesare Studios, Envoking the memory of classic arcade cabinet games but adding a new twist. Jump on the blocks as the titular character Quadle, changing the block colors till they are red. Once red they fall away. Eliminate all blocks on the screen to go to the next level.","Fight with the style of the divers' robotic overlord S.T.E.V.E! The S.T.E.V.E. Weapon Skin pack adds new finishes for the SPP-1 Pistol, Sea Mine, LJ-10 VolleyJet, and ADS Rifle.",The original soundtrack for Super Galaxy Squadron by Random Encounter!,"Be a ninja and go on an action platforming adventure to save the world. Climb walls, slice up bad guys, master tricky platforming sequences and face ruthless bosses.",Maximize your FPS :: Use CPUCores to isolate and constrain OS + non-game processes and dedicate CPU resources to be used exclusively for your games! CPUCores fully integrates with Steam games.,"DEAD IN BERMUDA is a survival management game with RPG and adventure elements. Lead a team of 8 survivors from a plane crash. Assign them to tasks, gain experience, develop your survival skills, research and craft new items, explore the island and solve its mysteries.",Play with all your favourite players in THE handball simulation. Use all the real handball moves and tactics and challenge other players online.,Let's show off your racing skills! Hurtle through randomized tracks (using procedural algorithm) in this fast-paced futuristic racing game. Try and retry to reach your best race time. Challenge your friends in a 10min time attack or face the world in the race of the day.,"Mediterranean Captain Pack includes: • Packetboat, tier III famous ship of Mediterranean region along with a free ship slot on shipyard.","Pimp up your mobility scooter and take on the Grim Reaper and his Zombie army in a race for your soul. Armed with a variety of homemade weapons and gadgets, battle your way through 13 unique &amp;amp; exhilarating tracks. Can you survive the retirement village?",GUILTY! THEY ARE ALL GUILTY! FINGERED is a &amp;quot;whodunit&amp;quot; hyperrealisic police sim where you must finger the guilty and clean up this darn city using the descriptions of the local busy bodies. but everyone's perspective is different: one man's fat is another man's sexy! send him to the chair!!!,"The brilliant scientist, Hank Pym, invented groundbreaking shrinking technology, but worries that it may fall into the wrong hands. He needs a hero to protect it. Become the ultimate secret weapon - the Ant-Man - heroes don't get any bigger!","Blues and Bullets is a dark and violent crime thriller. Set in an alternative Eliot Ness &amp;amp; Al Capone story, Blues and Bullets blends a stunning script with detective work to deliver an amazing interactive experience.",Get ready to rock! Hordelicious is a semi-hardcore wave based arena shooter. Survive against endless hordes of enemies with over 45 randomly looted weapons and a plethora of items and upgrades to choose from!,"The sublime music in Prompt, by Matt Simmonds.","Creature Factory 2 is a workflow oriented Blender tutorial series. It allows you to witness an inspiring creative process from start to finish. Total duration: 13 hours, 45 chapters.","Six Sides of the World is a puzzle videogame that takes you into an intergalactic journey through different star systems riddled with brain-racking challenges.Spatial orientation, logic and pure wit will be your weapons to go through the different cube shaped planetary systems.","NECROPOLIS: BRUTAL EDITION is a major update featuring a new playable adventurer (The Brute), a completely new outdoor environment (The Black Forest), and lots of new enemies, weapons, armor, traps, potions, scrolls, and other big improvements to the game.","Zombie Party is a retro rampage of fun and over-the-top action, while still giving the players a deep and engaging Action-RPG Rogue-like experience! Go on a time traveling adventure, or delve deep into procedural dungeons full of gold, loot, and secrets! Online and local multiplayer!","Caribbean Captain Pack includes: • Famous ship of Caribbean region of tier 4, Small Galleon along with a free ship slot on shipyard.","Buy GlassWire Basic to add “Ask to connect” and “Lock down” firewall modes, monitor 3 remote PCs, add the mini graph to your desktop, see all the devices on your WiFi/network, enable Webcam/Mic detection, access new graph skins, and add the ability to hide some apps from the graph. GlassWire Basic also gives you 6 months of graph history.","Buy GlassWire Pro to add “Ask to connect” and “Lock down” firewall modes, monitor 10 remote PCs, add the mini graph to your desktop, see all the devices on your WiFi/network, enable Webcam/Mic detection, access new graph skins, and add the ability to hide some apps from the graph. GlassWire Pro also gives you 1 year of graph history.","Buy GlassWire Elite to add “Ask to connect” and “Lock down” firewall modes, monitor unlimited remote PCs, add the mini graph to your desktop, see all the devices on your WiFi/network, enable Webcam/Mic detection, access new graph skins, and add the ability to hide some apps from the graph.",Painters Guild is a management sim where you control an art academy in the Italian Renaissance. Paint artwork as beautiful as the Mona Lisa. Hire painters like Leonardo da Vinci and millions of randomly generated ones. Expand and customize your guild with furniture and more.,The calm soundtrack used in Two Digits is now available in the Steam Store!,"The legends speak of a long forgotten prophecy... of a shining hero and of perilous adventures... of sinister powers, strange worlds and swarms of fairies ... but they said nothing of a girl with a big heart instead of a big sword!",Polychromatic is a physics-based arcade shooter with a pop of color.,"The hottest bird lawyering game to come out of 1840s France! Join Jayjay Falcon and his witty apprentice, Sparrowson, as the two take on clients, interview witnesses, collect evidence, and deliver justice to the guilty.","Unleash strings of volatile bombs known as Rolling Explosive Devices, and use them against each other in creating chain reactions to blast open deposits of priceless jewels!",Non-stop galactic action awaits you in this arcade style tower defense game. Manage the defenses of the TSF Freedom Strike – humanity’s last hope against the hordes of invading alien spaceships.,"If it's not cool, it will disappear. If you're not cool, hide. MechaNika is here.",Umihara Kawase is a girl who uses a fishing hook as a grappling hook. You’ll need quick reflexes to swing your way through the branching surreal environments. Use your brains to figure out the best way through. They say fish is brain food—you’re going to need it!,Umihara Kawase is a girl who uses a fishing hook as a grappling hook. You’ll need quick reflexes to swing your way through the branching surreal environments. Use your brains to figure out the best way through. They say fish is brain food—you’re going to need it!,"Dream's Official Soundtrack, composed by Norman Legies contains more than 2 hours of music from Dream! With 23 tracks from the game, 18 additional bonus tracks and 2 piano music sheets for everybody interested in the 3 year development of Dream, and the work process of our composer.",The is the Environmental Station Alpha Soundtrack (titled &amp;quot;Music For An Imaginary Soundchip&amp;quot;). This soundtrack has all the tracks as high quality LAME-encoded V0 MP3.,"It's been years since anyone last saw the Viking men of the village of Borja, and young Tyrim is determined to set forth and find them. Wielding his crafting and combat skills, you’ll set sail on the Mad Goat across the seas to uncover the world of Nygard’s mysteries, collecting fabulous relics, uncovering forbidden secrets and magic,...",CAT Interstellar is a short story-driven science fiction game about humanity's attempt to terraform Mars. Pilot a DOG V4 unit on an alien world and uncover the past of a seemingly barren planet.,Experience what it feels like to climb Mount Everest through a sequence of immersive first person locations as you strive to reach the top of the world. Incomparable visual fidelity combined with player agency in a VR journey that feels both real and emotionally stunning.,"Dead But Alive is a zombie survival adventure/simulation set in South England. After a lifetime of danger and daring in the remote battlezones of the 21st century, this is the last thing you expected. As an ex-military officer looking to rebuild your relationship with your teenage daughter on simple camping holiday in the rural idyll of...",It's time for a SECOND Hack Run! Test your skills again as you hack your way through strange and secretive organizations to discover their hidden agendas! Hack Run ZERO uses old school prompts (like dos and unix) to help you navigate from system to system.,The Arkona are on the attack. With every move they make they change the world; Devouring history as they go. Only the Brandt Foundation can stop them but not everything is as it seems to be. A darkness has come over Dr.Brandt and the world now seems to dance to his tune.,"Society of the Serpent Moon is a &amp;quot;Point and Click&amp;quot; style adventure where the player investigates and explores a mysterious small European town, uncovering the secrets behind Vampire-like murders that are plaguing its dark streets. BONUS: 3 Additional &amp;quot;Last Half&amp;quot; Games included FREE!","Take control of a powerful spaceship and wage war against alien invaders in Pilot Crusader! This game features classic space shoot-em-up mechanics, smooth, addictive gameplay, and polished visuals.",Magical Brickout offers a new twist on the beloved classic Breakout formula. Instead of moving a small paddle back and forth across the screen you rotate the bricks in a circular fashion as you frantically try to keep the ball in the play area. This fast-paced and addictive gameplay is only half of the fun.,"Macabre is, at heart, a NES/SNES-inspired JRPG that tells of a post-apocalyptic tale set in medieval times. Despite the old school feel, it does feature some modern mechanics; such as in-game achievements, crafting, and a unique random encounter system.","With Vengeance, we are going back to the roots of Modern First Person Shooters and bringing those onto a more modern level! No Jetpacks, No Flying, straight on the ground action!",Armed with a virtual camera you will film your own 360 VR version of the story as it unfolds in an immersive 3D world. A virtual reality short.,Constant fun and excitement! Bloody fighting from the start. Epic battles within 30 seconds. An all-new game type is coming!,"'Gon' E-Choo!' is a 3 stage, arcade-style game based on the earliest arcade platformers. Collect 10 letters in each stage while avoiding an irate and unrelenting gator!",AoF Chess Club is a multiplayer online chess game and community exclusive to steam members. A one time fee provides an access key which grants one player a life time membership to the game and community. AoF Chess Club can be played through any web browser.,"An old-school, satirical game in the vein of classic Japanese console RPGs. Features talking beavers and Media Moguls.","The Last Warlock is a turn based strategy and role-playing game set in a colorful voxel world. Engage in Quests, summon monsters, cast spells and battle enemy Warlocks. Compete with friends or strangers in multiplayer mode. Become the Last Warlock!","The last king was killed over 400 years ago and the global rule of the land ceased to exist. The Vindicator is coming. ~a decadent, dark fantasy world with a new take on the concepts of Angels and Demons!","Fans of challenging platformers will love this Steampunk remake of traditional runners! Guardians of Victoria features chase mechanics, upgrades, training, and 3 unique playable characters across Victoria's sky city, who's story will be changed forever!","Space - The Return Of The Pixxelfrazzer is an open-world sci-fi hack'n'slash. Your aim is to explore the inexhaustible amounts of destructible asteroid fields, spacestations and unknown planets of the universe. And maybe, one day you'll probably find out about one of the most unsolved mystery of our universe... the pixxelfrazzer.","Leading a Workers’ union against your despicable carry on, The Cynical Imp is coming out of retirement. Are you feeling charitable? 100% of all Brightrock Games proceeds will be donated to charity as part of the GamesAid Digital for Good initiative.",DvDrum 4 is Here! The Best Sandbox Drum Simulator! Build your Drumkits and Let's Drumming in a Realistic Drummer Experience! Play Drum Has Never Been So Fun! Welcome DvDrummer!,Stranded In Time takes you on a fun and exciting adventure to explore a mystery out of this world! Play as Olivia - a young woman from a big city - who joins her uncle Peter and writer Nick on an exploration of an abandoned church that hides a secret beyond any wild dream!,This pack includes Map Zerex for Survival Mode. After installing DLC you can play on this map.,"Demon’s Revenge is an episodic RPG set in a Sci-Fi fantasy world. Begin your journey on Hasphal where prejudice seems to have torn the world apart. Join Sen as she finds herself thrust into the middle of conflict, discovering the mysteries about herself and the true history of Hasphal and its inhabitants.","Absconding Zatwor is a stealth 2D game where an innocent man, Randy Crow, is put in prison for a crime he did not commit. Your mission is to escape from Zatwor prison and prove his innocence.",Pulut Adventure is a 2D platform game with over 30 different stylistic levels and exciting mechanics. Defeat the enemy and collect different of weapon to advance your abilities. You can use the summon skills and flying mode to explore the world.,"Ninjahtic is an action/adventure platformer with elements of puzzle-solving and stealth. While it's progression is linear, the open-ended nature of every level requires exploration of an abandoned civilization located atop floating islands.",Pick and create characters to fight to the death in this action-packed nonsensical arena simulation.,Use logic as your paintbrush to restore lost works of pixel art. Try the demo!,"A horrible monster has been terrorizing the local town for years, doing terrible, unspeakable things to the citizen. One day, a paladin leads several other heroes towards the cave where the monster lies in, them being the final hope for the town of Clearmill and to save it from total devastation.",Extreme racing with a jet equipped vehicle,The Land Of Lamia is a short story driven! puzzle game!(/❛o❛)/! Each level has a description page from the book of Lamia which you use to discover clues. The two characters Lily and Thomas are controlled with a unique mechanic you will need to master in order to progress ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ.,"Stray Cat Crossing is an indie pixel horror game about an encounter with a mysterious little girl named Cat. Explore a surreal world filled with colorful characters, challenging riddles, and dark secrets.","Play as one of many clones condemned to fight each other in perpetuity for the amusement of the robot lord, King Mechanicus.","You are Ada Frost, a lieutenant of the blue army. You find yourself deep behind enemy lines, with the stolen black army plans in your hands, you can end the war. That is, if you and your squad can make it home alive!","Embark on your greatest adventure to Planet Centauri! Explore hidden dungeons, capture and tame monsters, build and protect a NPC community, craft your own weapons and create your own magic spells! Develop and raise the Planet Centauri to the heavens as the cradle of a new civilization!",This hidden object game is devoted to the Civil War between the Union and Confederate armies which took place in the United States of America. You have an unique opportunity to take part in this major event. A great variety of historical locations are waiting for you to explore them.,"Weapons Genius is a Simulator of building Weapons! In Weapons Genius you can build your own Weapon! You can build A big and powerfull gun, or you can build small but rapid gun, or you can build a gun with high accuracy!","The Journey: Bob's Story is an Exploration, Atmospheric, 2D Platformer. Play as Bob, who goes on an adventure to find his friend Neibag who left the village with a group of explorers through the village's secret cave.",Buff Knight Advanced is a 2D Pixel RPG where you’re constantly on the move. Kill the invading monsters with your sword or by timing your use of spells carefully! As you progress the game becomes more intense with stronger and uglier monsters!,"ATV GP is a wild racing game featuring an overwhelming sense of speed. Smooth gameplay, outstanding audio and visuals all designed to keep you on the edge of your seat throughout the whole experience.",The game is dedicated to all railroad and modelling lovers. Manage train movement on a wide variety of levels to create your dream railroad model. Create new trains and transport people and loads between train stations.,,,"In the grand tradition of Monty Python and The Goons comes this obvious cash-grab album by NotGames, featuring the music from NotGTAV and then some. More than 20 tracks for less than a quid. Beat that, iTunes!","Player bases are located on asteroids, which travel within the Oort Cloud. Once they’ve acquired the appropriate skills, players can control their asteroid’s movements. Mass-combat enthusiasts will love the Arena: here, players can battle it out against alien races or other Astro Lord players.",Original Soundtrack for Replay - VHS is not dead by Sylvain Hellio,"ChAIR’s fresh twist on classic side-scrolling design with modern gameplay is amplified in Shadow Complex Remastered. 10+ hrs of exploration and fast-paced combat from award-winning original game, updated with graphical enhancements, dynamic melee take-downs, and new Master Challenges.","Create Heroic Characters to Conquer the Elements!This module is included for free with the purchase of the D&amp;amp;D Princes of the Apocalypse module for Fantasy GroundsNot inherently evil, elemental power can be mastered by those with both malevolent and benign intentions.","The Empty Inn is a 2D, exploration game with 8-bit, NES-style, pixel art and puzzle gameplay. With only a small lamp in hand, the player is required to solve puzzles and explore the vacant inn, ensuring they keep their lamp lit along the way.",Journey on an epic quest with Lethal and his elite party of warriors through a huge fantasy land. Play as Lethal and his companions in exciting turn based battles against a variety of fantasy creatures.,"Iran has nuclear weapons and one is sitting on a fully fueled ICBM going through its final launch checklist. Fight your way through Afghanistan, make it over the Iranian border, infiltrate the missile base and permanently stop the countdown in this super fast, high intensity on-rails shooter.","In Cosmic Rocket Defender, use your rocket launcher to dodge bombardments from swarms of attackers, while blasting them out of the sky as they swoop down, strafe and attempt to dive bomb you out of existence.","A pack of 7 wallpapers, 2 icons for use in the game, and an arcade (Vewlix) format special moves insert.","The full collection of music tracks from Yatagarasu Attack on Cataclysm in 128kbps mp3 format, and including the full 4.5 minute version of the opening theme 'Kataware'!","The complete collection of all seven Yatagarasu release, with version notes by Shiza of the Yatagarasu development team.",Loot Hero DX - Original Soundtrack Hero Theme Boss Fight Hero Victory The Woods The Desert The Swamp The Jungle The Bamboo Forest The Snowy Plains The Bamboo Forest The Dark Forest The Ruins The VulcanoMusic Composed by: Jesse Valentine,"Galactic Conquerors is a simultaneous turn-based sci-fi strategy game with tactical gameplay and fast paced, action filled battles. You need to fight to control planets and resources by mastering different kinds of commanders, units and their skills in order to overcome your enemies.",The goal of Wave Mechanics is to match the color of each element to the colors of corresponding parts of the frame. Each puzzle includes a set of active elements that can by used in order to change the colors of all elements within range in chosen direction.,"Battle for the Sun is an action-packed, first-person shooter documenting the realities of war seen through the eyes of a special forces soldier in a world under alien attack. We find ourselves abruptly thrown into an adventure as a talented soldier carrying out his duty in this epic war.","INK is a fast-paced platformer about using colorful paint to uncover your surroundings. Defeat all enemies in the room and reach the goal! However, the terrain is invisible, so you need to discover the terrain by physically bumping into it, by performing a double jump or by, well, dying.","Save money with King’s Quest: Season Pass for the best value on the remaining chapters (Chapters 2-5). King’s Quest is a collection of five different chapter releases, each focusing on an untold tale in Graham’s past.","Following the record-breaking launch of NBA 2K16, the NBA 2K franchise continues to stake its claim as the most authentic sports video game with NBA 2K17. As the franchise that “all sports video games should aspire to be” (GamesRadar), NBA 2K17 will take the game to new heights and continue to blur the lines between video game and...","Time Clickers is what's called an 'incremental game'. There's always a fun upgrade to look forward to, and the numbers keep getting bigger! Hire a team to fight for you, even when you're offline!","Retaliation: Enemy Mine offers challenging reasoning in a fast, easy and greatly enjoyable format, with the mission of making the spirit of wargaming immediately available to everyone, casual gamers and seasoned strategists alike.",,Experience the story of a small group of German soldiers sent to a small town to investigate strange activities. The task was supposed to be fast and easy.,"A point-and-click adventure filled with magic, danger, fantasy, and romance.","Tachyon Project is a dual stick shooter heavily inspired by classic shoot'em ups. We’ve combined many unique enemy types, a large variety of weapons and power-ups with innovative gameplay to ensure a long lasting challenge and discovery at every new level.",The soundtrack to Team Junkfish's survival horror labyrinth Monstrum in MP3 &amp;amp; FLAC format. Created by Jaime Cross 1. Menu Theme (01:52) 2. Wandering Alone at Night on a Ship (04:32) 3. The Brute (02:26) 4. Hiding From The Brute (02:34) 5. The Brute Stalks The Halls (04:32) 6. The Hunter (03:00) 7. Hiding From The Hunter (02:56) 8.,"Gladiators Online: Death Before Dishonor recreates the thrills and adrenaline experienced by Rome’s most talented warriors. Fight, train and lead your House to victory against other players, in this real-time tactical action game about a school of gladiators.","Golden Rush is a rather unusual fantasy MOBA for four teams. Here you can become one of the legendary heroes fighting against monsters, dragons, and other adventurers for the treasures of the Golden Lands.","Arevan is an adventure RPG with an original storyline, enjoyable features and interesting game play. Travel with Maurean as he makes his way through challenging puzzles, gut-wrenching monsters, and intriguing side quests.",Official In Verbis Virtus soundtrack by Gianmarco Leone.,"Infection: Humanity's Last Gasp uses simple mechanics in a multitude of combinations to create engaging, deep gameplay as you try to eliminate an evolving virus that could spell the end of the human race.","Experience grand strategy across the entire theatre of the Eastern Front; the military conflict that many consider to be the iconic attacker/defender scenario. Command massive armies in this fully 3D turn-based simulation of one of the largest military campaigns in history, playable as both Germans and Russians.","The first new game in the Baldur’s Gate series in over a decade, Baldur’s Gate: Siege of Dragonspear adds a new chapter to the Bhaalspawn saga. The events occurring between Baldur’s Gate and Baldur’s Gate II are at last revealed in this 25-hour adventure.",Scott in Space is a stylizied action platformer about the epic adventure of a lone guinea pig in space. Prove your guinea pig platformer skills and defeat the evil Rhino Empire!,This is the original soundtrack for the game Lemma. Some of the tracks were written by Jack Menhorn before Ashton Morris took over the project. So this is a collaborative soundtrack.,Steambirds Alliance is a massively-cooperative bullet-hell shooter! Fly with dozens of friends in an open world full of cruel bosses and endless cascades of deadly bullets.,"Proto Raider is a single screen auto-running puzzle platformer covered in ASCII beauty.Immerse yourself in this colorful and imaginative world. Ride waterfalls, fly into tornadoes, solve puzzles, and fight monsters to complete quests and collect your treasure!","Wage war across entire solar systems with massive armies at your command. Annihilate enemy forces with world-shattering TITAN-class units, and demolish planets with massive super weapons!",Embark on a journey of exploration and violence in the Two Lands of Egypt with Pharaonic! This unforgiving Combat RPG features an streamlined and challenging combat system that will keep you on your toes while fighting for your life!,"Nandeyanen!? – The 1st Sûtra is a horizontal 2D shoot’em up that introduces gameplay mechanics such as bullet counter and blast pods. The player takes the role of Tenguman, a long-nosed goblin who wakes up after a thousand year sleep to see the world overrun by an army of mythical pranksters.","Hordes of enemies and endless play value. Face various challenging monsters as you collect items, powerful loot, and adapt your combat strategy in this rogue-like action game.","Raywin is a 90's style 2d RPG. The story focuses around the main protagonist Raywin who, because of prophecy, has to go off to fight in the war of Salemsun and save the kingdom. Along the way he is accompanied by his friend Helena who he at first hates, but along the way they grow closer than ever.",A 48-page strategy guide for the RPG Arevan.,"After The End: The Harvest is an immersive retro space adventure and exploration RPG. Seamlessly travel across space, catch monsters, take on quests and fight monsters in whatever order you choose. Fly your ship, land on planets and hunt gigantic titans.",Vampire of the Sands is a punishing action dungeon-crawler with roguelike elements.,Crossout is the post-apocalyptic MMO Action game! Craft your unique battle machines from dozens of interchangeable parts and destroy your enemies in explosive PvP online battles! Free-to-play launch on Steam is planned for Q3 2017.,Formulate a strategy and strike back with your own cunning and intelligence as you're forced into the original nightmarish scenario we've all dreamed about. Will you be ready when the dead break down the doors?,Microcosmum: survival of cells. Join the wonderful and amazing world of microorganisms.,"Vendetta: Curse of Raven’s Cry is a third person, open world action-RPG that combines fast-paced swordplay with thrilling naval battles and exploration. Assume the role of dread pirate Christopher Raven and take your revenge on Captain Neville Scranton and the men who killed your family.",A unique puzzle game : a nonviolent trickshooting challenge with gamepad VR option.,Naninights is a point-and-click horror adventure. Someone accidentally left a gate open and a test subject escaped. Explore the dark halls of the lab and find him before he finds you...,"We will release two things 24th of December. One is an update, the other one is a new game.","Play as a special ops combat unit sent to investigate why the stars around Solar System are going dark in MegaSphere — a story-based post-cyberpunk action platformer adventure game of supermassive scale set in early 22nd century: smart guns, robots, self-reconstructing environments, and vast AIs.",Draft an army and fight a battle all in 15 thrilling minutes. Opponents issue orders at the same time in this unique system of simultaneous turn-based tactics. Test your wits online today!,"Rally here! Join millions of players in Smite, the online battleground of the gods. Whether this is your first Multiplayer Online Battle Arena (MOBA) game or you're a seasoned veteran, the competitive action and irreverent mythology of SMITE will make you a believer.","Dad Beat Dads is the world's premiere Dad-based, local multiplayer brawler. Go head to head with your friends, or battle solo in one of our 3 different game modes. This ain't your daddy's dad-based video game!",Enjoy one of the most popular sports in the world from the comfort of your home on STEAM and challenge your friends in a local multiplayer for up to four players and online multiplayer and leaderboards.,Help Job the Leprechaun to rescue his friend Eri in this retro style Platformer Game.,Crystal Flux is a rhythm snowboarding shooter that rewards player for picking up orbs in sync with the music. The 12 track original score was written alongside development to blend art style and drive gameplay.,"Baxter's Venture: Director's Cut is an action/adventure platformer, based off of old school platforming games of the 90s. The main objective here is you guide the agile reptile through over 60 levels spanned over six areas of traps, puzzles, and the occasional nasties who get in your...","Sparkour is a 4-Player First-Person Racing game, where you and your friends use speed, agility, and strategy to boost yourself across the finish line!","A story about an ordinary human girl and her romantic encounters with knights and princes. These characters may be gentle, passionate, considerate, or inhospitable. There are many character styles to suit a variety of individual player tastes.","Wanda is a minimalist story-rich puzzle about two robotic lifeforms finding happiness, companionship and hope in a lonely post-apocalyptic world.",The soundtrack for Luckslinger (does not include bonus tracks),A unique combination of run n' jump and humor. Even death is fun in Pyramid Raid!,Will you serve the gods or overthrow them? Battle ancient evils and destiny itself in this epic interactive novel inspired by Greek myth.,Will you serve the gods or overthrow them? Battle ancient evils and destiny itself in this epic interactive novel inspired by Greek myth.,A.I. Invasion is an action-loaded top-down-shooter in a futuristic setting. The superior machines subjugated the universe. In a wide range of missions you take the role of a soldier and equip and command a team of special units to reclaim the planet system.,"With MAGIX Music Maker 2016 Live, you can produce, record and perform your own music live, even if you don't have any experience.","You play the psychotic A.I. of a warship lost in space which tries to come back to Earth. Build your spaceship from scratch. Load it with weapons. And use your creation to destroy waves of innocent aliens throughout numerous levels. Loot their carcasses, extend your ship and jump to the next sector for more action!","This is part of our support package plan for Crest where you can help us in our Early Access effort, and getting something nice in return. This is a high quality soundtrack with FLAC and MP3 versions of the tracks. Will be updated after the full launch of the game. 01. &amp;quot;Golden Path&amp;quot; 01:48 02. &amp;quot;South Wind&amp;quot; 01:47 03.","This is part of our support package plan for Crest where you can help us in our Early Access effort, and getting something nice in return. This is a high quality PDF book compiled and written by the art director of the game, showing you the process of the first two years, 2013 - 2015. Will be updated after the full launch of the game.","Warning: Game is in early access! Welcome to the mysterious world of Novus Inceptio where new gaming experience of exploring, building and surviving awaits. Explore the true sandbox survival world and take part in the development of the full game.","Pixel Fodder is a old school platformer with a fully destructible world, a large choise of characters, incredible dynamics and gigaliters of 8-bit meat.","The highest selling and most intense restaurant sim ever made is back! Deceptively easy to learn but incredibly difficult to master, Cook, Serve, Delicious! 2!! is your journey of being the best chef in the world with your small but humble restaurant on the 50th floor of the Teragon Supertower.","Nirvana: The First Travel is a first-person puzzle game, with dialogue driven story, and requires a lot of thinking outside the box.","Welcome to Affected Zone Tactics, a tactical online game with cooperative turn-based PvP combats. Travel through the Tesla portal to a dangerous parallel world, lead the squad of reckless mercenaries, and outrage mighty corporations and cliques.","Dungeons &amp;amp; Robots is an Action Shooter RPG where players explore futuristic dungeons and collaborate to fight, conquer and dominate. Features include, fast-paced combat; solo missions, 1-4 player co-op and guilds; crafting; customizable characters, weapons and armour; and procedurally generated content.","A surreal building game for VR. Create life-sized contraptions as tall as you can reach, then send them whirling, flinging, and trundling off to solve puzzles on the other side of a floating island. There are no right or wrong solutions, so bring your creativity.","It is the future, and the world is in grave need of oil. You and a crew have set off into the ocean, reclaiming old island drilling sites for oil production as you work for the UOO, the biggest oil supplier in the world. The working conditions are dire. You have no choice.",Explore the dungeons hidden in your hard drive and find countless items with which to craft in a 1-bit world.,"Puzzle Strike is an online deckbuilding puzzle game from David Sirlin, lead designer of Puzzle Fighter HD Remix and creator of the Fantasy Strike universe. Improve your deck (of chips!) as the game unfolds and crush your opponents under a mountain of gems!","Take to the stars and smuggle, shoot, scavenge and steal your way to wealth and glory! Cashtronauts is fast-paced space capitalism at its finest. How are you going to make your millions?",Steam edition of the soundtrack used in the game.,"Rugby Challenge 3 - FanHub BETA is a player creator for Rugby Challenge 3, coming 2015","Total of 10 Face CG which contains &amp;quot;Hideyoshi Toyotomi&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Rairen Shimotsuma&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Fujitaka Hosokawa&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Yoshikiyo Murakami&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Yoshikage Asakura&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Nobutada Oda&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Kai Narita&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Naotora Ii&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Tahe Mori&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;Nagayoshi Mori&amp;quot;.",Want a tactical and strategic tower defense challenge that's packed with options and upgrades? Take command of the dropship Sentinel and do battle across a vibrant sci-fi world.,"Travel back in time and witness the horrors of slave trade firsthand. You will be working as young slave steward on a ship crossing the Atlantic. You are to serve the captain and be his eyes and ears. What do you do, when you realize that your own sister has been captured by the slave traders?","Do ghosts exist? What about Bigfoot, Chupacabras,Rake or Skinwalkers? And how will we ever know? You play as Gordon Davis, a scientist,a traveller and an explorer of unknown creatures and unusual events.",The original soundtrack from Sylvio.,"The Future is Meow! The Cat Machine is a game of logic, and cats riding around on trains.As we are all aware, The Cat Machine is a giant contraption that maintains the stability of earth's orbit around the sun. A fun logical puzzler with over 50 levels, now you can build that machine too!","Caribbean Admiral Pack includes: • Carrack, famous tier 6 ship of Caribbean region along with a free ship slot on shipyard • Admiral account for 30 days • 2500 Gold coins","Mediterranean Admiral Pack includes: • Light Corvette - tier VII famous ship of Mediterranean region, along with a free ship slot on shipyard.","Beginner's Pack includes: • Packetboat, tier III famous ship of Mediterranean region along with a free ship slot on shipyard.","Asian Captain Pack includes: • Famous ships of Asian Region, Quee Song along with a free ship slot on shipyard.","Fast paced, fantasy, aerial combat where you play as a dragon, fighting swarms of enemies, as you race to save the world from an ancient evil.","Ultimate Chicken Horse is a party platformer game where you build the level as you play, placing traps and hazards to screw your friends over, but trying not to screw yourself.","Japan, 2030 A.D. Memories can now be digitized and archived, allowing people to communicate with the deceased. With only one week left before his best friend’s memories are deleted, can Hiroki uncover the truth behind Sorano’s death?","Samantha and Lillian are best friends. At least, they were, until everything fell apart. Now, Samantha has a day to repair their relationship – but is it already too late?","Command your Squad of Survivors in a game where Line of Sight is extremely important, you cannot shoot what you cannot see. Develop your formations, move as a unit and cover every corner. Leave no man behind!","FIVE: Guardians of David is a Diablo-style action-RPG set in the ancient lands of Canaan. Lead and play the five heroes, battling across exotic locations filled with archaic cultures, rich characters, and powerful artifacts. Experience one of the greatest stories ever told in this 11-Act epic.","Brawlhalla is an epic platform fighter for up to 8 players online or locally. And it's free. Join casual free-for-alls, queue for ranked matches, or make a custom room with you friends. Millions of players. Frequent updates. Over twenty unique legends. Come fight for glory in the halls of Valhalla!",The Shadows of War Soundtrack is a collection of 5 tracks made by the composer Michail Nowak.,"Earth Overclocked is a frantic rogue-lite adventure starring a scientist who is terrible at making time machines, but great at blasting bad guys. Use a diverse selection of weapons to fight off monsters while searching for pieces of your time machine in randomly generated environments.","Find your daughter in the halls of the abandoned St Mary’s Boarding School, which was once a hospital with a dark history. Play as the run down father who must overcome his issues and bring his child home in this episodic horror series.",Soundtrack for Spirits of Xanadu by Adam Williams,"A 3D Virtual Tabletop that focuses on Miniatures based gaming. Create your own Maps, Quests, Conversations, Items, Miniatures, Stores, Loot Drop Lists. Play your modules or campaigns with up to 10 people as if you were playing around a real table top, using any rule system you like.","An epic original soundtrack, challenging gameplay, beautiful women and destructible... Clothes - Shmup Love Boom is a modern bullet hell style Shoot-Em-Up with anime influences.",The entire 14 track OST from the game Shmup Love Boom by Sam L. Jones.,"In Zombie Hunter, Inc., you play as a zombie hunter-for-hire who rescues stranded survivors -- for a reasonable fee, of course. Protecting the survivors from zombies is important, but there’s more than just the undead lurking the streets of Washington, DC.",,"Crappie&amp;amp;Catfish Fun Pack is just perfect for float fishing enthusiasts. If you’re eager to catch some of America’s favorite fish while chilling in the shade, the Crappie&amp;amp;Catfish Fun Pack is all you need!",Includes the Mute Crimson+ Soundtrack by Thomas Smith (Mute Crimson+) and Nathaniel Edwards (Mute Crimson Classic) in FLAC and MP3 featuring 41 tracks.,"This official soundtrack release contains 30 songs - that's over an hour of music! In addition to the Original 8-Bit Soundtrack (composed with NES-accurate tools), this release includes four exclusive orchestral pieces, beautifully remastered by the original composer.",This is a great opportunity to get more in Early Access!With Badland Bandits - Early Eccess Base Pack you will get Unique premium Skin &amp;quot;Beta&amp;quot; for...,"It's the ultimate, strategic SHMUP ReMix! Control TWO combat wings, flick between THREE different formations, and BLAST your way through overwhelming enemy fleets! Liberate planets, build colonies, research tech and skills, craft items, or even play 2p co-op in this unique new indie game.",Mystical is a new kind of puzzle game. Collect hundreds of items in five mystical places and combine them all in a given time.,"Inferno 2 is an intense, atmospheric twin-stick adventure-shooter. Blast through 80+ levels full of enemies and secrets while upgrading your ship the way you want.","“Ori and the Blind Forest” tells the tale of a young orphan destined for heroics, through a visually stunning Action-Platformer crafted by Moon Studios.","Choose your tag team and rip through massive hordes of enemies with exciting aerial and ground-based combos. Look out, though - take too many hits and your clothes and defense will end up shredded!","Sol 0 is a real time strategy game where you establish the first Martian colony. From the first human footprints on Martian soil to a thriving and self-sustaining colony, Sol 0 imagines a near future using technology that could be available within the next few decades.",C.R.E.E.P.S is a FPS TOWER DEFENSE game that lets the player deploy squad members and equipment as he defends objectives and defeats horde of enemies.,"The Viceroy is a turn-based economic strategy sci-fi game. You will rebuild vast regions recently destroyed by disaster, crush rebel fleets, explore a large, far-future tech tree, manage elaborately intertwined economies, respond to emerging events, and earn permanent skills to overcome escalating challenges.",Unlock all present and future gods with the SMITE Ultimate God Pack.,Can you defeat the shadow of your kingdom? Play as the last of the survivors of a former glorious dynasty to defeat evil and restore the honor and glory to your land!,"A rollercoaster night of questions, coping, and debauchery is what Leigh's 29th birthday party becomes after she and her husband announce that it may be the last time their friends see her alive.","A pair of urbanites embark on a 4000-mile bicycle ride in search of the last wild place in America; to their dismay they find it. Set in the wake of America’s great western expansion, the film is a portrait of bike touring and a meditation on wilderness.","75% Off - On Sale for the month of October, in honor of Breast Cancer Awareness Month. A warm, witty, and insightful human story of triumph that arms women worldwide touched by breast cancer. Through the candid and emotionally aware voice of breast cancer survivor, Rochelle Poulson, cancerpants overcomes the struggles with enduring...","James, an aspiring photographer, falls for Cooper, a hard drinking socialite, while working his day job as a sober driver. Consumed by a whirlwind romance they're forced to choose between their dreams and their hearts, knowing it won't be easy either way.","Channing is a young woman with a perfect rockstar life – a beautiful house, a dream job running a mobile karaoke bar, and a well-meaning husband intent on ruining it all by knocking her up.","Edward James Olmos presents, Exile Nation: The Plastic People, which follows US deportees in Tijuana as they struggle to survive a Cartel war zone, living in cardboard shacks and sewer pipes, creating an ever expanding underworld of exiles.","Audrey arrives in the Philippines with a mysterious mission. She enlists the help of two locals, Hazel and Rey, and an American, Nick. They must cross 300 miles, ward off a local motorcycle gang, and keep from killing each other.","Six years after an apocalyptic event killed her family and seemingly everyone else on earth, a lone girl on the verge of insanity is forced to question everything when a strange man suddenly appears at her door. The last girl on earth... is not alone.","Johnny, an aspiring bodybuilder from Boston leaves behind his troubled past and heads to LA in hopes of training with his mentor from YouTube. His plans are quickly derailed by a shady porn director and a lifelong friend who is a murderous drug runner.","An unlikely love triangle: an ambitious Brooklynite graphic novelist and his peculiar neighbor fall for the same beautiful but broken girl. The three combat abandonment, addiction and the struggle with conforming to traditional relationships.",A feel-good road movie about a broken man who lets the hitchhikers he picks up determine his direction and destiny. Everything changes when he meets a free-spirited woman who guides him on a journey of self-discovery while hiding a secret of her own.,Five teenagers barricade themselves in the basement of their remote rural house after a vicious attack by a mysterious intruder.  They soon realize they are trapped as the only way out is the barricaded door they came in through.,"The Worst Year of My Life is a comedic drama about a down-on-his-luck romantic named Kyle who, one week before proposing to his girlfriend, discovers that she's been sleeping with another man.","A documentary about the cost of charity on a family. While the husband and 9-year-old daughter travel the globe teaching children in need how to surf, the wife is left at home to pay for the trip and pick up the pieces.","Sol, a bold fugitive lost in a dangerous post-apocalyptic desert world, searches for a missing woman and her illusive captor, the Nomad King. With enemies at every turn, his only chance of finding her is with the help of a rogue and mysterious thief.",Professor Teaches PowerPoint for Office 2013 &amp;amp; Office 365 is a computer learning course designed to teach you how to use all the basic features and functions of Microsoft PowerPoint. Professor Teaches provides you with hours of interactive lessons in a realistic simulation of the software.,Professor Teaches Access for Office 2013 &amp;amp; Office 365 is a computer learning course designed to teach you how to use all the basic features and functions of Microsoft Access. Professor Teaches provides you with hours of interactive lessons in a realistic simulation of the software.,Professor Teaches OneNote for Office 2013 &amp;amp; Office 365 is a computer learning course designed to teach you how to use all the basic features and functions of Microsoft OneNote. Professor Teaches provides you with hours of interactive lessons in a realistic simulation of the software.,Professor Teaches Outlook for Office 2013 &amp;amp; Office 365 is a computer learning course designed to teach you how to use all the basic features and functions of Microsoft Outlook. Professor Teaches provides you with hours of interactive lessons in a realistic simulation of the software.,"Professor Teaches QuickBooks 2015 is a user-friendly computer training software designed to teach you the ins and outs of Intuit QuickBooks Pro 2015. This is a hands-on, interactive course that will provide everything you need to know about the fundamentals of QuickBooks Pro 2015.","Build a Game Universe is your spot to build, play, share and sell your 2D games and game content. Whether you are an experienced developer or just getting started, our intuitively designed tools create a fun and exciting environment to bring your imagination to life!","Alpha Runner is a challenging endless platform game, Make your way through different obstacles and mini games that get more difficult the further you get. Show off to your friends by getting the highest score on the leaderboard. Or even play with them and see who can survive the longest.","Give takeoff clearances, landing clearances and taxi clearances at six complex airports in a strategic effort to maintain efficiency, and avoid collisions.",A dark/sad/weird/funny first person exploration game. You play a man on his last night alive as he obsesses over a mysterious painting. More of a story game in that it emphasizes mood and character over gameplay. Takes ten minutes to play and has &amp;quot;next-gen&amp;quot; features like a shrimp tank.,Mold on Pizza is a mold-growing game to fight against the Preservative troops and conquer a pizza! Meet up 53 types of unique molds and preservatives!,"Ninjahtic Mind Tricks is an 8-bit hack-and-slash platformer with stealth, adventure, and puzzle elements. Like it's predecessor, Ninjahtic, levels have an open-ended nature and are presented in a linear fashion. Though, several features have been added to the predecessor's formula to create a more varied experience.","Radial Impact is a fast-paced, single-player game that challenges players’ reflexes by matching the sizes of two circles; one static and one dynamic.","Celebrating the two year anniversary of Realms of Arkania: Blade of Destiny, Crafty Studios is proud to present an eventful blend of extra content - for free.","An alternate mode for Mushihimesama, featuring an alternate color palette, remixed soundtrack, and new game mechanics.",Enjoy Mushihimesama's energetic and inspirational soundtrack. Composed by Manabu Namiki and Masaharu Iwata.,"Enter the world of paintball tournaments and challenge players from all around the world. Paintball eXtreme is a fast-paced side-scrolling shooter with cartoony 2,5D graphics, that will keep you entertained for hours.",Freeware horror game with the mise en scène of an old black&amp;amp;white film and unique horror experience.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Rocco in Awesomenauts. You need to have Rocco available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Ksenia in Awesomenauts. You need to have Ksenia available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Ksenia in Awesomenauts. You need to have Ksenia available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,"Professor Milton Yoolip has made many inventions, but his best work is quite possible a fully-sentient robot that mimics his every move. Whenever duty calls but Yoolip would rather spend his time tinkering on new gadgets or go to the park with his granddaughter, he sends Clockwork Yoolip to take his stead.","Professor Yoolip’s most dangerous invention is probably the 8-Bit Game Cartridge-to-Reality generator, which is capable of reading any game cartridge from that ‘80s and turn the world contained within to reality.","Welcome to the machine-filled creative paradise of Scrap Mechanic, a multiplayer sandbox game with imagination and ingenuity at its core. Create fantastic machines, transforming vehicles or sneaky traps. The possibilities are endless with Scrap Mechanics powerful tools.",Test your timing and your patience in this unique casual puzzle game. Set over the backdrop of retro minimalist art style you can choose from 3 different game modes. Play your way through 50 stages of increasing difficult puzzles in Stage Mode. See how fast you really are in Speed Mode.,"The Syrian Civil War started with the Arab Spring in early 2011 but has only become more and more complex since then.With international tensions high, and so many players maneuvering in a very small space, it is amazing that the conflict has not overflowed into a general regional or even global war.","Snik is an extremely hard game that will test your reflexes, timing, aiming and planning ahead in a simple, minimalist interface.","Merging the smash hit indie game The Escapists with the world wide phenomenon that is The Walking Dead, Team17 have taken the very best of both worlds and are now providing players with the opportunity to play Rick Grimes as he takes on hordes of zombies let loose upon the world.",This is a brand new game mode that allows you to engage your friends and acquaintances. Immerse yourself into the tactical turn-based battles together!,Play your favorite games in a borderless window; no more time consuming alt-tabs or the risk of crashing.,"In this last chapter of the Five Nights at Freddy's original story, you must once again defend yourself against Freddy Fazbear, Chica, Bonnie, Foxy, and even worse things that lurk in the shadows.","High crime rates, corruption and a change of morals… Can he survive the new society?",Find the key and solve the maze. Oh yeah stay alive!,"Originally released by LucasArts in 1993 as a sequel to Ron Gilbert’s ground breaking Maniac Mansion, Day of the Tentacle is back in a remastered edition that features all new hand-drawn, high resolution artwork, with remastered audio, music and sound effects.","Super Slam Dunk Touchdown is a retro styled, local multiplayer, couch-competitive, all-sports mashup driven by a 3D physics engine. Assemble a crack squad of sports athletes and use their unique shot styles and abilities to score goal units and demolish the opposing team.",Baseball Mogul 2015® is the 17th version of the &amp;quot;best baseball simulation you can buy&amp;quot; (PC Gamer).The groundbreaking franchise that revolutionized sports games continues to redefine the way you run and manage your favorite baseball team. Control any team from 1901-2014 and bring your team to the promise land.,Remotely control your digital SLR camera while tethered to your computer.,"&amp;quot;Just Alone&amp;quot; is a survival game set in a hostile world inhabited by the mutated creatures. Game begins when Bill Yesterday's ship crashes into the earth. As the only survivor he has to try survive in destroyed by atomic bomb, nasty world.","1979 Revolution: Black Friday is a choice driven, narrative game that brings players into the brooding world of a nation on the verge of collapse. Play as Reza, an aspiring photojournalist, and make life and death decisions as you survive the gritty streets of Iran in the late 1970’s.",You can't beat this game!!! Noah attempts to make a game for the first time. He then gets trapped in his own creation.,Baseball Mogul 2015® is the 17th version of the &amp;quot;best baseball simulation you can buy&amp;quot; (PC Gamer).The groundbreaking franchise that revolutionized sports games continues to redefine the way you run and manage your favorite baseball team. Control any team from 1901-2014 and bring your team to the promise land.,You've just been hired as the newest checker at your local Shoppy Mart. You'll be tasked with bagging groceries for the endless waves of customers that will enter your store on a daily basis.,"Nova Blitz is a real-time, digital, card game set in a future universe ruled by five Aspects of energy: Arcane, Tech, Divine, Nature, and Chaos. Summon units, play powers, and duel in real time. Turns are simultaneous, and in combat, hidden attack and block orders let you bluff and counter-bluff your opponent.",Physics based puzzle game type of billiards. If you like billiard games or love pool then this game is for you!,"The ultimate DARKSIDERS II experience! 1080p native resolution. Reworked and tuned game balancing and loot distribution. Improved Graphic Render Engine for even higher visual quality, lighting and shadows. Improved and reworked level, character and environment graphics.","Dive into the atmosphere of a dense, hand painted game while exploring the reason why you are here. Welcome to a world In Between.","TankZone Battle is a dynamic 3D action game. Online fights in principle similar to game Counter-Strike. Dynamic and exciting battles are awaiting you, where the power of ammunition is not everything. Use your speed and agility to defeat your rivals!","You play as Jake, a simple guy who accidently got into trouble. What will happen to him, how he will behave, will he get home or not, all that depends on you. You will encounter a variety of creatures along your way, from roaches to huge scorpions, lizards and even small hamsters!","Uncover dark forces emanating from the heart of Old Town, and grab spooky accessories for your front yard makeover, too! You’ll be spellbound by this adorably ghoulish horror-themed puzzle game.","Whip the Vote is a Congress simulator, inspired by House of Cards, where you play as the Whip for the Democratic Party.","Decorate the interior of your truck cabin with practical as well as totally impractical accessories and toys! Includes a sat nav unit and a ball compass on the functional side, and a host of useless junk that that can help you turn your cabin into a comfortable den to spend your long days and nights in.","We are proud to introduce a new set of truck tyres and truck accessories, officially licensed from Michelin to Euro Truck Simulator 2. Michelin is one of the largest tyre manufacturers in the world, acknowledged as an innovator with a history spanning over 120 years. Michelin's brand identity is immediately recognizable.",Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation...,Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation...,"Ultimate wheel customization is here! Paint, tune and customize your nuts, discs, hubs and hub covers exactly as you want.",Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of four unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation...,"We are proud to introduce five highly detailed trailer models officially licensed from The Schwarzmüller Group to Euro Truck Simulator 2.The Schwarzmüller Group develops, builds and services commercial vehicles that are ideal for highly competitive and demanding businesses.","Customize your truck with your country flag! A choice of five unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation... Puszta Five Matyó Flowers Strength, Fidelity and Hope Hungarian Metallic Pattern Hungarian Flag...","After waking from a terrifying dream of your own untimely death, you attempt to make your way to the Finnigan Brothers' Fun Park for its last day then back home again. It's like playing Russian roulette with five chambers loaded, but more frustrating.",Super Space Meltdown - 2D dungeon-crawler. In space! Humanities largest space station is under attack by mysterious alien invaders. You play as Sgt. Alex Cutter sent into deep space on a lone mission to save the day and annihilate the alien threat. But there's a catch.,"Descend through 100 levels of challenging puzzle mayhem in a quest to defeat the big bad boss at the bottom of the bottom most well. Fans of Uo Poko, Puzzle Bubble and Bust-a-move will enjoy Dr. B or be prosecutedt to the full extent of the jam.","Galactic Missile Defense is a shooter and tower defense game, where you must protect Earth from the invading Martians that declared war on our planet just because a space rover accidentally ruined their picnic!","Create, organize and communicate your game vision.Welcome to the first professional game design tool, articy:draft.This is the flexible, cost-effective rental version of articy:draft.",A challenging rogue-like puzzler inspired by the classic Tower of the Sorcerer. Play as a human knight who fights his way out of a deep dungeon by slaying monsters and solving intricate puzzles.,Project Tarvotan allows you to explore the depths of the Milky Way and local universe. Use your wit and resources at hand to plan out your path through each sector. Your demise lurks around every decision. Can you survive long enough and restore balance to the universe?,This pack includes Map Targul for Survival Mode. After installing DLC you can play on this map.,"A hand-drawn 3D adventure game. Help unfinished drawing Sketch realize who he was meant to be as he chases after the artist's pencil, in a story of self-discovery of the art and his artist told in parallel. Featuring 2D character animation in a 3D environment.",Online User Registration code,The all original soundtrack for Interstellaria created by renowned musician CHIPZEL.,"Go towards the sky. Wingless though you may be, flightless this makes you not. Link: The Unleashed Nexus is a high-difficulty fast-paced action game which will challenge the player to stay in the air.","Probably the most colorful horror game you've ever played. Hide from moaning disembodied eyeballs while facing existential dread, ambient music, and alternative medicine.","'BlazBlue: Chronophantasma Extend' is the sixth installment of the BlazBlue series, a combination of 2D fighting action game and visual novel.",This Extra Character Pack for 100% Orange Juice adds 2 new playable characters from developer Orange Juice's games - Alte and Kyoko.,"A 2D action game featuring a young man with the power of lightning who stands for freedom against the evil ambitions of a massive organization. When lightning strikes, a new legend is born.",Contains full soundtrack for Legions of Steel,"Raiseland is a procedural terrain generator that can produce realistic &amp;amp; non-realistic terrains in minutes. You can use them on your favorite game engines and 3D editors: Unreal Engine, Unity, CryEngine, Leadwerks, Blender and many more.","In Red Killer , you’ll find a series of level where you will have to get rid of all those mean creatures living in red cubes. But be careful, you must not lose the cute little monsters in the green cubes.","CATS! is a CAT-based parody of some of the top video games of ALL time - Enjoy parodies inspired by Super Mario Bros®, Tetris™, Candy Crush Saga®, Nintendogs + Cats™, Sonic the Hedgehog® + more - all from a Cat's perspective! It also features a &amp;quot;Pet Toy&amp;quot;...","Oxenfree is a supernatural thriller about a group of friends who unwittingly open a ghostly rift. You are Alex, and you’ve just brought your new stepbrother Jonas to an overnight island party gone horribly wrong.","Fracture the Flag is not the usual hyper click fest of an RTS... Take some time, gather your resources, plan your strategy and then knock the crud out your opponents!","Sentinels is a tower defense game lovingly spliced with a first person shooter. Deploy automated and manually activated defenses, then jump into the fray yourself with first person weaponry to decimate the relentless hordes of baddies!","In Luckslinger, luck is measurable, collectable and usable whenever you please. On one half it’s inspired by the unrealistically fast gunslingers, the dark gritty humor and the greed driven anti-heroes of the spaghetti western classics. On the other half ..",Lead your party of 3 heroes on their quest to repair the torn pages of folklore. Evil has destroyed the tales you love. Hack monsters and slash enemies throughout the Torn Tales in this real time squad based RPG.,"iZBOT is fast paced, double jumping, wall sliding, edge of your seat platformer that delivers delicious bite sized challenging platforming levels while always keeping you in the action.","Race Track Builder is a software design tool that has a simple, easy to use interface that allows you to build fantasy race tracks or use Google Maps data to create real-life terrain and roads.","Unnamed Fiasco is a local multiplayer game where your mistakes can help you. Every time your character dies, a new clone is created to help you by repeating your past lives actions. Face your friends on intense couch multiplayer matches or go solo on tons of action-puzzle challenges.","Project Genom is an open world, non-target sci-fi MMO with an innovative character progression system. Pilot a walking robot, transform your body's DNA, use various kinds of high tech, build spaceships and explore new worlds!","Pocket Rumble is a streamlined, beginner-friendly 2-button fighting game that retains all the gameplay elements that make traditional 2D fighters great, but reduces the level of execution and memorization necessary to the bare minimum.","STRIPPED is the ultimate love-letter to comic strips. It brings together the world’s best cartoonists to talk about the art form they love, and what happens to it as newspapers die.","10 Minute Barbarian is a unique strategy game that combines fast-paced exploration and even faster-paced action battles. Choose your battles, then watch as armies of hundreds crash castle walls, cast spells, and send fireballs into each other's ranks.",Adds Plans that will help you progress the game easier!,Evil mists have corrupted the people. Chaos is everywhere. Can you make it in time to the source of the chaos before everything gets consumed by evil? On your way there will be many obstacles and rogue ninja's. Dodge these obstacles and get to the source of evil so that it can be stopped!,Aventure-se no mundo de pixel art onde as ações do jogador são cantadas de forma cômica nesse jogo de aventura em pixel art 2D.,Original Soundtrack for Hypt Composed by Efe Tozan,"Reverse the roles and play as a goblin rather than a knight or wizard in this parody dungeon game. Watch your family get mown down by a lvl 100 paladin and embark on an epic quest of revenge, beset on all sides by greedy powerleveling adventurers. Create and share your own maps with powerful built-in editor.","From the team of Excamedia Academy comes Nanos, the new revolution in the brick-breaking genre. You’ve probably played it hundreds of times: you break tons of bricks by shooting balls with a pad. NANOS is much more!",Maximum Override is a chaotic city destruction game where the machines come alive. Wreak havoc in a fully destructible randomly generated city with anything you can find.,"Enter a fishing tournament. Climb the leader board with your five biggest trophy fish. Try not to get snagged, lose your lures, or damage your bass boat. Sell fish to earn cash for Tackle Store.","The sequel to Planet Alcatraz tells the story of sergeant Hartman, the leader of the Ghoul strike unit, that remained MIA in the original game. Only Russian language is supported at the time of Steam release.","Lucid Trips is a Virtual Reality experience which takes places in planetary dream worlds. You explore an artistically designed surrounding with a completely new concept, defining and navigating your avatar in a distinctive way, using hand motion controllers.",It’s the first game of Abandoned series. Classical point and click game. You try to find your twin-brother who dissapeared in the huge and mysterious place called Abandoned.,"Based on benchmark technology, Flight Sim World is a flight simulation that includes ultra-detailed GA aircraft, comprehensive flight planner, and an advanced flight model with more features planned for the coming months.","Tic-Toc-Tower is an action packed puzzle platforming game in which players have only ten seconds to complete a room! You will be pushed to the limit to reach the end of every level, which also features an additional challenge.",Defeat the dark forces - win a battle for Emerland!,"Operation Sea Lion is a massive expansion of 30 scenarios, using features never attempted in Panzer Corps before.","Expanding upon the award winning Panzer Corps game system, Soviet Corps puts you in command of the forces of the Stalin’s Russia and expects nothing less than Total Victory!",The Great Battle between Karus and El Morad has arrived to Steam! Pledge allegiance to one of the Nations and put your skills to the test in one of the best PvP system in the MMORPG universe!,"Robot vs. Birds Zumbies depicts the spread of avian influenza virus through the infected dead birds that turned into zombies, a robot is built by survivors to eliminate that threat, your mission is to control the robot to remove the birds and prevent zombies proliferation of the virus.","You'll take on the role of John T. Carter, a brilliant young astronomer, piecing together the puzzling history of the village and its cryptic inhabitants. Incredibly realistic action and supernatural chaos intertwine to draw players deep into the puzzling mysteries within the Shadow of the Comet.",Bells &amp;amp; Whistles is a Dimension Pro Expansion Pack with holiday music inspired instruments sounds.,"Wild Animal Racing is an exciting go-kart simulation game with a twist. Play as an elephant, a lion, a zebra, a giraffe, a rhino or a hippo! Play against the other animals or against a friend on the same PC with the split-screen mode! Or invite Steam friends in the multiplayer mode!","Start your adventure with your friends in Garlock Online, collect items, match up with different types of monsters , collect archivements. build, recruit and improve the monsters who will stay on your side in battles.","The only one cell game with Guild Wars and Competitive Mode, Friends list with messenger, invites, guild chatroom and much more!","This is the &amp;quot;Not yet&amp;quot; award winning soundtrack for Disposable Heroes&amp;quot;, created by David.F.Burrows 12 unique songs, with an additional 20 tracks that include our heroes vocals! MP3v files included.",This pack includes Map Sartilus for Survival Mode. After installing DLC you can play on this map.,This pack includes Map Barazin for Survival Mode. After installing DLC you can play on this map.,"Stardust Galaxy Warriors: Stellar Climax is a fast-paced 1-4 player couch co-op action shooter, combining SHMUP/Brawler gameplay with RPG elements. Choose your game mode, settings, mechs, weapons &amp;amp; upgrades to customize your experience. Soar through space, defeat evil &amp;amp; save the future... from itself!","Formula Fusion is an anti-gravity racing game which pits your racing pedigree up against the rest of the world. Tackle the single player campaign and become the best pilot against the AI over leagues and championships, or play against the world in multiplayer and compete in a sports league where you can take either yourself or your team...",Who does not dream of luxury and wealth? In “Luxury Hotel Emporium” this dream is within one’s reach. Start as a small hotelier with a bed and breakfast and rise to an international economy magnate with deluxe hotels all across Europe.,Start your own enterprising odyssey and turn night into day as the boss of your very own Nightclub Emporium!,"The Valhalla Pack contains 500 Mammoth Coins, the Founders Nameplate and an exclusive Steampunk Sidekick. Show off your dedication to Brawlhalla and grab yourself some extra goodies to show off in battle!","Discover the epic conclusion of the long-time clan warfare between members of the Mishima family. Powered by Unreal Engine 4, the legendary fighting game franchise fights back with stunning story-driven cinematic battles and intense duels that can be enjoyed with friends and rivals.","A virus has escaped at Genoq HQ in London, and Derrida, the lead scientist at Genoq, has asked you to help save the day. Travel up through the Genoq skyscraper rescuing the stranded employees and putting an end to the escaped virus.","The Wild West is all about swagger - and so are these costume themes. This Skin Pack is a great way to unlock all of 8 of the current alternative costumes, and at the same time support the developers ability to continue expanding Secret Ponchos!","Rubber &amp;amp; Lead is a 2D Top Down Vehicle Combat RPG- Shoot your way through post-apocalyptic Arizona. Go on missions, upgrade your cars, equip your weapons, and blast away your enemies!","The original sound track for Submerged, by BAFTA-award-winner Jeff van Dyck.",A soldier disillusioned with war wants out. Exhausted and not even able to walk... a motorcycle appears before him. His chance to be a deserter. To escape from the battlefield. To end the fight. To regain love and peace! Please enjoy this Japanese indie 3D motorcycle simulator game.,"A vast choice-based digital gamebook set within the Warhammer 40,000 universe where you are a Space Marine!","&amp;quot;Far-Out&amp;quot; is a hardcore retrofuturistic adventure with dynamically changing gameplay and multiple endings. Made with the old-school quests such as The Dig, Space Quest, Full Throttle and Blade Runner in mind.","Mugen Souls features a free-roaming battle map, turn-based combat, and massive amounts of customization and growth to maximize the fun players can have with the game.","Hogs of War is a turn-based tactical warfare game. Take turns controlling members of your squad of hogs to engage in combat with the opposition based on World War 1. With 3D graphics, vehicles, a career-based single-player mode, and voice-over (narration and for characters) by British comedian Rik Mayall.","This product is a token module containing tokens for use with the Fantasy Ground virtual tabletop. Upon activating the module, the tokens will appear in your Token box for use throughout your game. This token pack contains 31 tokens: This pack contains a variety of characters set in a steampunk or fantasy setting.","This product is token module containing tokens for use with the Fantasy Ground virtual tabletop. Upon activating the module, the tokens will appear in your Token box for use throughout your game. This token pack contains 48 tokens: This pack contains a variety of dinosaurs tokens.","This product is token module containing tokens for use with the Fantasy Ground virtual tabletop. Upon activating the module, the tokens will appear in your Token box for use throughout your game. This token pack contains 32 new character tokens for use as PCs or NPCs.","This product is token module containing tokens for use with the Fantasy Ground virtual tabletop. Upon activating the module, the tokens will appear in your Token box for use throughout your game. This token pack contains 24 tokens to represent soldiers from the Vietnam War.","This product is token module containing tokens for use with the Fantasy Ground virtual tabletop. Upon activating the module, the tokens will appear in your Token box for use throughout your game. This token pack contains 62 tokens to represent slaves or prisoners. It focuses mainly on human and elven characters.","This token pack contains 22 tokens to represent ratmen, wererats and rats. This product is token module containing tokens for use with the Fantasy Ground virtual tabletop. Upon activating the module, the tokens will appear in your Token box for use throughout your game.","This token pack contains 24 tokens to represent new and horrible demons. This product is token module containing tokens for use with the Fantasy Ground virtual tabletop. Upon activating the module, the tokens will appear in your Token box for use throughout your game.","This token pack contains 24 tokens to represent elementals of Air, Earth, Wind and Fire. This product is token module containing tokens for use with the Fantasy Ground virtual tabletop. Upon activating the module, the tokens will appear in your Token box for use throughout your game.","This token pack contains 35 new character tokens for use as PCs or NPCs. This product is token module containing tokens for use with the Fantasy Ground virtual tabletop. Upon activating the module, the tokens will appear in your Token box for use throughout your game.","This token pack contains 36 new character tokens for use as PCs or NPCs. This product is token module containing tokens for use with the Fantasy Ground virtual tabletop. Upon activating the module, the tokens will appear in your Token box for use throughout your game.","This token pack contains 25 new character tokens for use as monsters. This product is token module containing tokens for use with the Fantasy Ground virtual tabletop. Upon activating the module, the tokens will appear in your Token box for use throughout your game.",Shake up your gameplay with new galaxy-wide Mega Events! These new events introduce additional complexity requiring your skill and strategy to overcome if you hope to be victorious.,"The Blues and Bullets comic is an interactive app that will immerse you in the story, passions, motivations and dark secrets of the characters that, in one way or another, are caught in the web of intrigue that will shape the destiny of the dark and vibrant city of Santa Esperanza.",The soundtrack to Blues and Bullets is a collection of exciting and captivating tracks that will transport you to the dark and mysterious corners of Santa Esperanza.,"An episodic retro-style fantasy RPG set in a world on the brink of annihilation with non-linear gameplay and far reaching choices. Will you be able to save your people, or will your legacy be a dark age from which the world can never recover?",DESYNC is an intense single-player first person action game that begs you to play dangerously and creatively. Eliminate your opponents as you perform violent attack sequences using the explosive digital weaponry and lethal side-arms at your disposal.,Explore the inner workings of deserted factories in search of data cassettes that contain boundless virtual worlds. Collect more tapes and explore more worlds and you'll soon discover new methods of traversal and control that will take you farther than you'd ever expect.,"The Dandy original soundtrack, 10 songs in 320kbps mp3 format.","9Dragons is a free to play MMORPG with fluid martial arts combat, lush environments, and intense PvP. Immerse yourself in a mesmerizing world set in ancient China at the beginning of martial arts chivalry.",Your virtual ad-lib experience has been enhanced and materialized with this music. Listen along and fill in your journey with these custom tunes!,"On a tour of the world of Dungeons 2, the Widely-Traveled Evil finds itself in a scorching desert in the blazing new DLC &amp;quot;A Song of Sand and Fire&amp;quot; including 3 new missions.",Defeat the sorcerer and save your daughter!,FreezeME is a A 3D platformer in the style of the 90s-era but wait there is a twist! The main character “R” has one special tool – a camera around her neck. This camera allows her to literally freeze the objects she photographs.,"Toilet Tycoon is an unusual economic simulation in which you can prove your skills as a leader of the sanitarian installations of a whole town! On your way to the top, you have calculate wisely and should always keep an eye on your opponents - else you simply will be flushed...","One gloomy night, Bulb Boy wakes suddenly from a frightening nightmare to discover that evil has overshadowed the Bulbhouse. His family has disappeared and there are horrid monsters lurking in the shadows. Gather the courage and use his glass head to save everything he loves.","Once upon a time, a little boy from our world found himself in another, more mystical world where a magical crown made him ruler over a floundering kingdom called Alpoko. You are this little boy, and it's your duty to make Alpoko great...so you can then expand its dominion and take over the world!",Mekazoo is a 2D platformer set in a vibrant 3D world with fast-flowing gameplay and a cast of kinetically-diverse mechanized animals.,"Play &amp;quot;Okay I Believe You, But My Tommy Gun Don’t&amp;quot; by Brand New on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.","Play &amp;quot;The Quiet Things That No One Ever Knows&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Sic Transit Gloria... Glory Fades&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Okay I Believe You, But My Tommy Gun Don’t&amp;quot; by Brand New on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Blue on Black&amp;quot; by Kenny Wayne Shepherd on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Sloe Gin&amp;quot; by Joe Bonamassa on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Out of My Mind&amp;quot; by Philip Sayce on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Blue on Black” by Kenny Wayne Shepherd, &amp;quot;Sloe Gin” by Joe Bonamassa, and “Out of My Mind” by Philip Sayce on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Love Gun&amp;quot; by Kiss on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Strutter&amp;quot; by Kiss on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;God of Thunder&amp;quot; by Kiss on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Love Gun&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Strutter&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;God of Thunder&amp;quot; by Kiss on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Somewhere in Neverland&amp;quot; by All Time Low on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Dear Maria, Count Me In&amp;quot; by All Time Low on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.",Play &amp;quot;Weightless&amp;quot; by All Time Low on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Somehwere in Neverland&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Dear Maria, Count Me In&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Weightless&amp;quot; by All Time Low on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Hocus Pocus&amp;quot; by Focus on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Devil On My Shoulder&amp;quot; by Billy Talent on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Dead Man’s Party&amp;quot; by Oingo Boingo on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Killed by Death&amp;quot; by Motörhead on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Hocus Pocus&amp;quot; by Focus, “Devil On My Shoulder” by Billy Talent, “Dead Man’s Party” by Oingo Boingo and &amp;quot;Killed by Death&amp;quot; by Motörhead on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Joker and the Thief&amp;quot; by Wolfmother on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Hysteria&amp;quot; by Def Leppard on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Slow Ride&amp;quot; by Foghat on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Ziggy Stardust&amp;quot; by David Bowie on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Joker and the Thief&amp;quot; by Wolfmother, “Hysteria” by Def Leppard, “Slow Ride” by Foghat and &amp;quot;Ziggy Stardust&amp;quot; by David Bowie on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Ruby Soho&amp;quot; by Rancid on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Time Bomb&amp;quot; by Rancid on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Maxwell Murder&amp;quot; by Rancid on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Fall Back Down&amp;quot; by Rancid on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Ruby Soho&amp;quot;, “Time Bomb”, “Maxwell Murder” and &amp;quot;Fall Back Down&amp;quot; by Rancid on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.","Play &amp;quot;Symphony No. 40&amp;quot; by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, &amp;quot;Ode to Joy&amp;quot; by Ludwig van Beethoven, “Funeral March” by Frédéric Chopin, “The Can-Can” by Jacques Offenbach, and &amp;quot;Notecracker Medley&amp;quot; by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Lonely Boy&amp;quot; by The Black Keys on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Little Black Submarines&amp;quot; by The Black Keys on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Howlin’ For You&amp;quot; by The Black Keys on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Your Touch&amp;quot; by The Black Keys on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Thickfreakness&amp;quot; by The Black Keys on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Lonely Boy&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Little Black Submarines&amp;quot;, “Howlin’ For You”, “Your Touch” and &amp;quot;Thickfreakness&amp;quot; by The Black Keys on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Monster&amp;quot; by Skillet on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Hero&amp;quot; by Skillet on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Awake and Alive&amp;quot; by Skillet on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Monster&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Hero&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Awake and Alive&amp;quot; by Skillet on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Must Be Christmas&amp;quot; by Band of Merrymakers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Joy to the World&amp;quot; by Band of Merrymakers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Tribute&amp;quot; by Tenacious D on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;The Metal&amp;quot; by Tenacious D on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Master Exploder&amp;quot; by Tenacious D on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Tribute&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;The Metal&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Master Exploder&amp;quot; by Tenacious D on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Kickstart My Heart&amp;quot; by Mötley Crüe on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Dr. Feelgood&amp;quot; by Mötley Crüe on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Girls, Girls, Girls&amp;quot; by Mötley Crüe on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.",Play &amp;quot;Shout at the Devil&amp;quot; by Mötley Crüe on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Home Sweet Home&amp;quot; by Mötley Crüe on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Kickstart My Heart&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Dr. Feelgood&amp;quot;, “Girls, Girls, Girls”, “Shout at the Devil” and &amp;quot;Home Sweet Home&amp;quot; by Mötley Crüe on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Plush&amp;quot; by Stone Temple Pilots on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Interstate Love Song&amp;quot; by Stone Temple Pilots on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Sex Type Thing&amp;quot; by Stone Temple Pilots on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Creep&amp;quot; by Stone Temple Pilots on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Wicked Garden&amp;quot; by Stone Temple Pilots on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Big Empty&amp;quot; by Stone Temple Pilots on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Plush&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Interstate Love Song&amp;quot;, “Sex Type Thing”, “Creep”, “Wicked Garden”, and &amp;quot;Big Empty&amp;quot; by Stone Temple Pilots on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Woman&amp;quot; by Wolfmother on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Closing Time&amp;quot; by Semisonic on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Heat of the Moment&amp;quot; by Asia on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Play That Funky Music&amp;quot; by Wild Cherry on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Woman&amp;quot; by Wolfmother, “Closing Time” by Semisonic, “Heat of the Moment” by Asia and &amp;quot;Play That Funky Music&amp;quot; by Wild Cherry on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;The Kill&amp;quot; by Thirty Seconds to Mars on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;From Yesterday&amp;quot; by Thirty Seconds to Mars on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Kings and Queens&amp;quot; by Thirty Seconds to Mars on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;This Is War&amp;quot; by Thirty Seconds to Mars on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Closer to the Edge&amp;quot; by Thirty Seconds to Mars on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;The Kill&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;From Yesterday&amp;quot;, “Kings and Queens”, “This Is War” and &amp;quot;Closer to the Edge&amp;quot; by Thirty Seconds to Mars on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Holy Wars... The Punishment Due&amp;quot; by Megadeth on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Peace Sells&amp;quot; by Megadeth on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Tornado of Souls&amp;quot; by Megadeth on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Trust&amp;quot; by Megadeth on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;A Tout Le Monde&amp;quot; by Megadeth on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Holy Wars... The Punishment Due&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Peace Sells&amp;quot;, “Tornado of Souls”, “Trust” and &amp;quot;A Tout Le Monde&amp;quot; by Megadeth on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Hold On Loosely&amp;quot; by 38 Special on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Caught Up In You&amp;quot; by 38 Special on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Rockin’ into the Night&amp;quot; by 38 Special on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Hold On Loosely&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;Caught Up In You&amp;quot;, and &amp;quot;Rockin’ into the Night&amp;quot; by 38 Special on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;The Kids Aren’t Alright&amp;quot; by The Offspring on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;You’re Gonna Go Far, Kid&amp;quot; by The Offspring on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.",Play &amp;quot;Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)&amp;quot; by The Offspring on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Want You Bad&amp;quot; by The Offspring on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;All I Want&amp;quot; by The Offspring on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;The Kids Aren’t Alright&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;You’re Gonna Go Far, Kid&amp;quot;, “Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)”, “Want You Bad” and &amp;quot;All I Want&amp;quot; by The Offspring on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Rosanna&amp;quot; by Toto on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Kiss Me&amp;quot; by Sixpence None The Richer on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;All For You&amp;quot; by Sister Hazel on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;You Make My Dreams&amp;quot; by Daryl Hall and John Oates on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;Rosanna&amp;quot; by Toto, “Kiss Me” by Sixpence None The Richer, “All For You” by Sister Hazel and &amp;quot;You Make My Dreams&amp;quot; by Daryl Hall and John Oates on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;The Outsider&amp;quot; by A Perfect Circle on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Badfish&amp;quot; by Sublime on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Long Train Runnin’&amp;quot; by The Doobie Brothers on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Working for the Weekend&amp;quot; by Loverboy on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,"Play &amp;quot;The Outsider&amp;quot; by A Perfect Circle, “Badfish” by Sublime, “Long Train Runnin’” by The Doobie Brothers and &amp;quot;Working for the Weekend&amp;quot; by Loverboy on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone.",Play &amp;quot;Helena&amp;quot; by My Chemical Romance on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Famous Last Words&amp;quot; by My Chemical Romance on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;I’m Not Okay (I Promise)&amp;quot; by My Chemical Romance on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Play &amp;quot;Teenagers&amp;quot; by My Chemical Romance on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone.,Tyler is a puzzle/arcade videogame. Solve all the puzzles by drawing the right combination of flows and destroying all the obstacles on the Grid! You can also play in 1vs1 or team coop 2vs2 multiplayer mode.,"Sim Junta – A game of dirty politics! You are the new dictator of Risuena, a small and poor country of the third world. You have just seized power after a bloody coup and your intentions are to stay in power as long as you can, to rip this country off, transfer the money to your secret Swiss bank account and of course, stay alive and...",Join your favorite YouTubers on an Epic Quest in PewDiePie: Legend of the Brofist.,"Three Digits is the sequel to our first game Two Digits. You are given 14 numbers less than 1000, and all you have to do is to choose two subsets with the same sum.",The original soundtrack and wallpapers from Spooky's House of Jump Scares.,"Circa Infinity is a brain-melting circular platformer by Kenny Sun, with a pulse-pounding soundtrack by Jack + Jim Fay.","Welcome to the galaxy of An Alien with a Magnet, an amazing new platform-adventure-puzzler with a literal twist! Pick up diamonds, find secret orbs and unlock new levels to get the alien home safely in this new crazy game.","This DLC includes 16 music tracks from Big Journey to Home, composed by c.x.t. The first level track was composed by neocrey.",This demo includes the first two levels of Big Journey to Home. It supports leaderboards and BJtH-Online achievements.,"Fight for your life in Call of Tomsk-7, a simple side-scrolling shooter. Horrifying monsters are pouring out of the forgotten and abandoned Soviet-era Tomsk-7 biological weapons facility. You must fight the creatures in a seemingly endless battle of attrition.",It is a free-to-play shooting game.You may choose 6 types of warships used in the WWII to play PvP and PvE naval battle. Start the voyage with your warships and fight for the honor of your fleet!,A super fast-paced ARCADE TOWER-DEFENSE. Build turrets and shoot your way through hordes of alien scum as you protect multiple rooms simultaneously!,"This is a large set of 59! crazy old school skins for Aspi, Harpy, Cerberus and Piranha.","Acceleration of SUGURI 2 is a lightning-paced duel-style shoot'em'up from Orange Juice, featuring all favorite characters from the SUGURI universe.","Anarcute is a rampaging riot simulator, combining adorable aesthetics with huge-scale chaos, colourful destruction and crowd-beat’em all gameplay!","From Orange Juice comes a shoot'em'up starring the lone enhanced human, Sora. The sequel of the high-speed shoot'em'up &amp;quot;Suguri&amp;quot;, with improved game system and graphics.","Purchase the soundtrack for Galactic Civilizations III containing over 2 hours of high-fidelity music across 40 tracks from composers Geoff Knorr, Michael Curran and Mason Fisher. This soundtrack DLC contains both uncompressed FLAC and VBR MP3 formats converted from the original production .wav files.","Dreams of the Red WizardsScourge of the Sword Coast is a D&amp;amp;D adventure designed for 2nd-level characters. This adventure is the first part of the Dreams of the Red Wizards campaign, which continues with the Dead in Thay adventure.","Explore the sinister research facility of your mind with the Stealth Inc 2 soundtrack, from electronic artist Ricky Honmong.","Circa Infinity is a mind-bending, brain-breaking, circular, hardcore platformer with striking visuals and a pulse-pounding soundtrack.",Talented and ferocious weapon experts needed to eliminate a dangerous mechanical menace that threatens the existence of humanity. Up to six positions available. Benefits include traveling the world to eliminate robots.,"Redemption: Eternal Quest is a casual RPG/Sim game which combines the feel of an RPG with roster management sim mechanics. You become the leader of a band of adventurers, guiding them through quests, watching them grow and signing them to pacts while keeping your gold pouch filled.","Angry Arrows is a cooperative archery game about rescuing hostages from enemy strongholds using nothing but bows and arrows. Just remember, one fatal mistake and it's back to square one.","Collisions is a relaxing puzzle game set in a beautiful environment. The puzzles vary from one screen to the next: some are easy, others require timing, logic and anticipation.",Pixel strategy that combines real-time and turn-based gameplay. 17 factions from vampire queens to mechanical golems.,Enter the AI universe and fight evil AIs with a variety of weapons and modifications. AIPD is a top-down coop twin-stick shooter where you can enjoy thousands of possible combinations of enemy and arena permutations that give you an unprecedented and nearly unlimited arcade experience.,"Guide a young woman on her quest to become a musketeer in this thrilling arcade adventure! With lush visuals, a captivating story, and addictive time management gameplay, The Musketeers: Victoria's Quest offers an unforgettable saga of high adventure!","The Last Sunshine is a fast paced top down shooter inspired action game. Earn a variety of skills, then mix and match them with your customized stats to dispatch droves of dark aggressive enemies. Will light win against the darkness? It's the end of the universe!","Original soundtrack for Executive Assault, composed and arranged by international award nominated composer Chris Hesketh.","Enjoy the farmhouse gems with this solid set of 12 Farm Frenzy titles! Join Scarlett throughout all of her adventures in hundreds of farming challenges. Raise chickens, ostriches, and dolphins. Bake cakes, grow crops, and sell items at markets. It's an all-out farming assault with one of the most enjoyed series ever!","A brutal collection of 14 skins for Aspid, Cerberus, Harpy, Condor, Piranha and Mammoth.",Hard to be a God is a Sci-Fi RPG with adventure and espionage elements.,"Create your own legend in F1™ 2016. Get ready to go deeper into the world of the most prestigious motorsport than ever before. Work with your agent, engineer and team to develop your car in the deepest ever career experience, spanning up to ten seasons.","AquaSnap is a powerful window manager that helps you arrange and organize multiple applications on your desktop with minimum effort. It allows you to achieve maximum multitasking, especially if you own a high-resolution monitor or a multi-monitor setup.","Stellar 2D is a retro style space arcade game, it's a 2D game in a 3D world. With an addictive, fast paced, casual game-play style.",This is the official Soundtrack of In Between.,Frizzy is a platformer filled with awesome action. The main plot is that you are a frizzy ball of fur who can latch onto static balls launch himself around the levels.,"The Archetype is a psychological-horror where you'll be in control (or not) of Archty's psychological aspects, like Fear, Despair, Anxiety, Sadness, Jealousy, Anger, Aggression, Libido, Envy, Guilt, Depression and Solitude.","STEEL RIVALS is a 2.5D fighting game for one or two players. Play tournament mode, survival mode or VS mode against the AI or another human player. Supports leaderboards and trading cards.","Blast-off is a hardcore jumper, where your alter ego will be a ball of anti-matter seeking to leave our Universe. Anti-matter is extremely difficult to exist in our universe, because when it contact with matter it annihilates.",Are you sure you want do delete this file? NOOOOO! The Deletion is a challenging and fun puzzle-platform game that will frustrate you.,"Jump back to the good old days of arcade machines with Void Invaders: a colourful, chaotic and explosive arcade shoot-em-up game inspired by classics such as Galaga and Space Invaders!","Ladra is a stealth action adventure that tests your abilities as the ultimate thief. Find secret passages and tunnels to stay out of sight. Use the shadows, your speed and intelligence to always be one step ahead.",Dolguth is a 2D oldschool brawler for up-to 6 local players. Choose your mech to fight in one of the Dolguth arenas and destroy the other warriors. Each mech is powered with a melee weapon and a 6-bullets cannon. Each pilot has an EMP gun and a grapple to reach impervious zones.,"In the Arclight Arena, you fend off Glass Drones and other Player Pilots by swiping and slashing them away in glorious 4-way Sabre clashing combat!",An online TRADING card game about lore long forgotten.,"Epic sci-fi tower defense action with 16-bit era look and feel, pitching your colonists against an almost endless horde of hostile alien robots who strongly oppose your attempts of colonizing their planet! Deluxe version includes the soundtrack!","Labyronia is an epic RPG. Only by defeating the gods can you, and your friends, save the world.","A short psychological horror game that focuses on storytelling and mystery, where you explore a mysterious abandoned building and find notes that paint a disturbing picture. Please read description before playing.","Epic Manager is a unique crossover between Sports Management and classic JRPGs. Experience an addictive “one more turn” mix of tycoon strategy, roguelike elements, roster management, combat and character progression, all rooted in an epic yet light-hearted fantasy setting. Rated ‘E’ for EPIC!","DeathCrank is a fast-paced, local and online multiplayer vehicle combat game that combines the best of games like Twisted Metal and Burnout, with a top-down retro feel and insane weaponry.","Year 2097. You are a cyborg soldier, a member of Elite Military Forces. Your objective is to complete first step of checking your brain potential in the virtual room. You must act accurately and fast, not to make mistakes and pass through the whole course. Failure is not an option.","You are a space trooper. Somehow you got to the enemy territory, and you should wait for your squad to get out of here! But only God knows when will they arrive to you! They will send you bonuses for killed enemies to longer your life till they arrive.",Ferrum city was enveloped by a thick fog. Prominent citizens and scientists disappeared and among them well known inventor working on a number of inventions in the field of electricity. Shortly after his disappearance his granddaughter comes to his house.,"Nothing says “America” like Bass fishing. Nothing says &amp;quot;Adrenaline Action&amp;quot; like the Bass Fighter Pack. If you're looking for a real fight with some aggressive adversaries - Largemouths,Smallmouths and Peacocks - Bass Fighter Pack will give you that thrill! Enjoy the serious fighting action right from day 1!","Trout Pioneer Pack is a sure hit for the true adventurer! Get out your wild side, wander high into the mountains, explore hidden trails, discover rocky lakes with crystal clear water and prepare to face the challenge of the luscious supple Trout. And boy are you prepared!",A hero is born in biblical era. The tribes of Israel are at war for their own survival.How far would you go to save your people? How deep is your faith in God?Tormented12 is a historical fantasy game based on the biblical account of the twelve Hebrew tribes.,"▶A RPG strategy card game, you can create card focused on your Hero’s adventure and its party. ▶Construct and manage your own deck of cards as your cards are essential to the gameplay. ▶Deeply rooted and originated from core RPGs and strategic fantasy elements not only from old age games like Ultima, Final Fantasy Series but to modern...","A &amp;quot;tree&amp;quot; hugging, human &amp;quot;saving&amp;quot; rock, whose mission is to, well, &amp;quot;hug&amp;quot; trees and &amp;quot;save&amp;quot; humans, without touching the dangerous forest fire.","If you are not prepared for a challenge - turn back now. Gun Rocket is a 2D physics puzzler that is not for the feint of heart or the stiff of fingers. In search of adventure, you have been caught by holes in space and time. Can you escape?","G.I Joe is the code name for a highly trained special mission force. Led by brave field commander Duke and armed with a huge arsenal of weapons and fighting spirit, this team works together on the front lines to stop evil it its path.","Absolute power! Total control of the world - its people, wealth, and resources, that is the objective of Cobra Commander. This fanatical army is comprised of a deeply loyal infantry, trained in explosives and martial arts and will take on any faction in this game of toys.","By the power of Grayskull, Prince Adam becomes He-Man, the most powerful man in the universe. Endowed with unimaginable strength and courage, He-Man, Battle Cat and his Eternian warriors protect Eternia’s toy box from the forces of darkness.","Command Assassin's Creed most popular hero in Toy Soldiers: War Chest - Ezio Auditore da Firenze. An ancestor of Desmond Miles and a charming Florentine nobleman who is good with a hidden blade AND the ladies, Ezio upholds the sacred creed with his Brotherhood of Assassins, a fierce alliance of justice and protection.","A calm creative experience. A sandbox growing game where you shape the evolution of an alien ecosystem. Study the environment and discover what drives it, or just sit back, relax, and see what happens!","If you are not prepared for a challenge - turn back now. Gun Rocket is a 2D physics puzzler that is not for the feint of heart or the stiff of fingers. In search of adventure, you have been caught by holes in space and time. Can you escape?","Free to play shooter about the confrontation of two irreconcilable sides, represented by the government military housings and the armed hirelings. Try your hand at virtual battles with off-scale dynamics and hurricane gameplay in the spirit of the classical shooters. In the game are available a wide range of maps and several modes.",This expansion for Towers of Altrac gives you an Endless Mode. You can now show your dominance and defend Altrac as long as your skills allow.,Planets all over the galaxy are in need of creature re-population! Travel through systems in your rocket ship lab making Mutato species needed to save the planets. Grab a Mutato in each hand and bop them together to create unique offspring in this VR room scale experience for the HTC Vive.,"The Braveland trilogy concludes with the most exciting book of all, number three – welcome to Braveland Pirate strategy game! A crew of pirates led by Captain Jim embarks on a search for the Eternal Treasure.","RHEM IV takes you into a huge, fantastic world full of strange vehicles and buildings, secret passages and doorways. A sense of adventure, logic, attentiveness and the ability to solve puzzles will help the player to slowly but surely unveil the mystery of this latest adventure on the island RHEM.","Create your own levels, publish them or download levels from community. Play with your friends or play it alone. Shape the future of Labyrinth Simulator.",UNDERTALE! The RPG game where you don't have to destroy anyone.,Space is easy... Prepare for Earth.Beyond Flesh and Blood is the harsh shooter designed to push your skills to the limit.,UNDERTALE's soundtrack.,The #1 SENET Game Is Now Available On Steam. Don't Miss The Opportunity To Play The World's Oldest Board Game From Ancient Egypt. Start Your Mysterious Afterlife Journey To Pass Through The Underworld Realm Of Osiris.,"Step into the shoes of Charlie, a private detective and rich heir, for whom humor is the best weapon! In Dream Chamber, uncover the culprit in this simultaneously breathtaking and dreamlike quest.","Metroidvania game with 2.5D graphics, single and multiplayer modes and classic game mechanics for the delight of platform and adventure games lovers as well as for you who didn't live the 80's; this is an opportunity for you to taste that classic feeling with the graphics and sound quality of today.",Upgrade to the premium Toy Soldiers: War Chest experience and relive your childhood dreams with the Legendary Heroes Pack.,Space Colony Alert Bulletin! The Necromonads are at it again!! Colonists must in a orderly fashion proceed to the nearest shelter while the highly trained star pilot provides cover. Inspired by classic arcade shooters but with a twist. Captured colonists become infected and spread it to others. stop the Necromonads infection invasion now!,Stage Presence is the anti-guitar hero. A comedy-horror-karaoke game where you need to use your voice and wits to win over a fickle mob!,Escape From BioStation is an quirky sci-fi comedy adventure game with fast paced combat and unusual puzzles. Take the role of Rob Bot armed with your deadly super squirrel you'll explore and uncover the secret of the BioStation!,"An expansive dystopian sci-fi world awaits you! Equipment customization, a varied cast and an epic story in this sci-fi epic from Astronomic Games.","Expand your Rocket League® customization options with Supersonic Fury DLC Pack! This add-on includes... * 2 new Battle-Cars, Dominus and Takumi * 6 unique Decals for each new Battle-Car (12 total) * 5 new Paint Types * 2 new Rocket Boosts * 2 new...",Layers of Fear is a first-person psychedelic horror game with a heavy focus on story and exploration. Players take control of a painter whose sole purpose is to finish his Magnum Opus. The player must navigate through both a constantly changing Victorian-era mansion and ghastly visions of the painter’s fragile and crumbling psyche.,"Crashlands is a story-driven crafting ARPG set in an outlandish world of hidden magic and high technology. Fight and tame alien beasts, craft resources into menacing weaponry, befriend the locals, and go toe-to-chin with a world-domineering maniac.",Blaster Shooter GunGuy is a 2D action rage platformer. Similar in nature to games such as IWBTG. But also inspired by Mega Man and Mega Man X.,"A truly free and open source multiplayer shooter, no strings attached. Have casual deathmatch matches on various scenarios. Build your own levels with the ingame editor and assets that come with the game, or just play around and use it as a sandbox.","Evolution is a real time simulation of the evolutionary process. Creatures have DNA that defines their structure, traits, how they see the world around them, and how they react to it. Each creature is unique, most die quickly, some die a little slower, and others survive (some just like rocks, they usually die too).",Embark on an epic quest to help Herclueless - Zeus' halfwitted demigod son - forge a weapon worthy of a God and help him return to Mount Olympus!,"The official soundtrack for Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty, featuring brand new mixes specially produced by Oddworld composer Michael Bross for this collection, from the soundtracks of both Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty and Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee.","With The Cat Machine's soundtrack, you can feel like you're solving cat based logical puzzles and saving the world, wherever you are!","Set in a distant future world, this is a unique first person shooter/platform/puzzle game where you need to find out why all the debris is falling and save your world from destruction.",Day and Night Soundtracks for Spider: Rite of the Shrouded Moon,"Bob's world has been invaded by mechanical demons from the nether! SEND THEM BACK TO WHERE THEY CAME FROM! . . . by shooting at them like a madman, of course!","Return to the world of TRON with TRON RUN/r, a new lightning fast, action-adventure runner with a twist! Hone your DISC and CYCLE skills, then challenge the grueling STREAM program that throws endless combinations of modes and levels at you until you crash – how long can you survive?","RFLEX is a fast-paced and challenging neo-arcade game. Frantically dodge your way to the high score in a series of rage-inducing levels while enjoying a kickass, original soundtrack. Experience trippy visuals while being pulled into a never-ending abyss of addicting, non-stop action.",&amp;quot;Murasaki&amp;quot; is a puzzle explosion game. Use explosions to clear the screen of pesky obstacles filling it up. The only controls you need are the directional buttons and two other buttons (Z and X)!,"Pumped BMX + is a fast-paced arcade BMX game full of tricks, stunts and combos which originates from one of the most well-known BMX franchises in the world. Master over 500 challenges in this breathtaking sports game.","Space exploration adventure RPG where you command a crew in a story driven sandbox universe. Work to destroy the sensor network and reach the heavily guarded planet before Shavala corporation goons hunt you down, or just go exploring.","This Bloody Pack includes: - Unique vehicle &amp;quot;Buffalo&amp;quot; (it is like Cerberus, but Buffalo) - Bloody skin for Aspid, - Bloody skin for Cerberus, - Bloody skin for Harpy, - Bloody skin for Piranha, - Bloody skin for Condor, - Bloody skin for Mammoth - and 100 000 Silver",The sequel to the two-time Unity-award winning Endless Space! Endless Space 2 is a sci-fi turn-based 4X strategy game that will put you in the fascinating role of a leader guiding a civilization in making its first steps into the cold depths of interstellar space. Your Vision. Their Future.,"The virus appeared just six months ago and has already devastated humanity as we knew it. Governments fell one after another. Only a few decimated and isolated groups remain, trying to survive and free their regions from the poison.",#SkiJump - jump like a unicorn in VR! Ski the slopes like a pro and jump higher that you would ever be capable of IRL. #SkiJump has it all (including snow balls).,"Take your racket, grab your balls &amp;amp; beat yourself up in a game of #SelfieTennis. Throw the racket to kill #BallPeople, knock them off the court and take their hearts. Use the #SelfieStick to document your #KillingSpree.",Littlstar is an immersive VR platform and community for mobile content and 360° Videos.,"Battle creatures, collect loot, master magic, and build your very own Wizard Tower sanctuary in this rogue-like, dungeon-crawling RPG.",An original puzzle/adventure game inspired by the writings of Franz Kafka.,"A reinvention of the cave-flyer for players who love games of skill. You control an extremely responsive ship, which opens up new possibilities for speed flying challenges, puzzles, and bullet hell scenarios. This game is set at 1980s difficulty--Survive it if you can.","Your quest for the true immersive Civil War battle experience ends here. Voted in PC Gamers list of Best 100 Games of All Time, Take Command is an RTCS &amp;quot;Real-Time Combat Simulator&amp;quot; and you've never played anything like it!","An Eastern approach to storytelling, a visual novel with strong battle, human, and supernatural elements to create a compelling and original story straight from the doujin community of Japan!",This DLC includes INK's Original Soundtrack music and high resolution INK Wallpapers. Music by Vincent Rubinetti and Art by Fellipe Martins.,"​Toy Odyssey is fundamentally an action-adventure platformer. The player spends the night exploring a randomly-generated house, defeating bosses in each of the unique rooms, and then going up against the final boss.","The Red Bull Rookies Cup is a category that accompanies the MotoGP™ at 7 races during the international championship. It was set up with the aim of training younger riders, and giving the most talented an opportunity to take part in the MotoGP™ championship.","Inaugurated in 1972, the Estoril circuit hosted the MotoGP™ from 2000 to 2012, the same year Jorge Lorenzo set the circuit record.",A 39-page guide for the game Vagrant Hearts.,Two city detectives are sent to a small idyllic town in North Carolina called ‘Silver Creek Falls” to investigate a strange series of events that the local sheriff can’t seem to get his mind around. What initially seems like an open-and-shut case unfolds into a truly terrifying mystery that will leave the detectives wondering what is...,"Become a Daimyo of the Warring States period of Japanese history in NOBUNAGA'S AMBITION, a historical simulation game of conquest and domination. It is the 30th anniversary of this series and this current release, NOBUNAGA'S AMBITION: Sphere of Influence, is the crown of the series.","Unique mix of Action, RTS and RPG gameplay elements that forms an innovative game genre. You can build base, manage troops, and then come down to keep your enemy at gunpoint in the dynamic battle and customize your main characters.","The Trimoebas are unicellular rolling animals that populate the primordial soup. Their dream is to build the first multicellular creatures. To succeed they will have to dig tunnels, build towers, and construct bridges, having no tools but their triangular bodies and their special abilities!","A bio-logical puzzle game, in which you interact with the elements of a microscopic organism. There are 100 levels which will test your lateral thinking abilities to the limit. Plus, a level editor: you can make your own custom puzzles and publish them online.",Lucadian Chronicles is a strategy and card collecting game. Create teams of character cards to progress through the full story mode or fight other players in league and draft modes.,"An additional playable scenario, &amp;quot;Stronger Than a Alliance&amp;quot;. Having spent a part of their troubled youths together, Ieyasu Tokugawa and Nobunaga Oda become trusted allies and create a grand drama that claimed a place in the history of conquerors.","An additional playable scenario, &amp;quot;The God of War Descends&amp;quot;. The soon to be War God, Kenshin Uesugi, was born Kagetora Nagao, and he starts his career now. Enjoy this historical drama of the first days of a young hero.","An additional playable scenario, &amp;quot;Dawn of Revolution&amp;quot;. This scenario centers around Nobunaga's grand plan to unite the land, and the historical drama that it ignited.","An additional playable scenario, &amp;quot;Fateful Clash&amp;quot;. After the Incident at Honnoji, chaos reigns once more, and heroes from across the land vie for power.","An additional playable scenario, &amp;quot;Battle of Nagashino&amp;quot;. Following Shingen's death, Nobunaga senses an opportunity to strike at the Takeda clan. In this age of uncertainty, heroes are made and legends are born.","An additional playable scenario, &amp;quot;The Battle of Itsukushima&amp;quot;. This scenario centers around the great strategist Motonari Mori, and the time he made his move. This is the story of men who dreamed of conquest, and risked their lives.","An additional playable scenario, &amp;quot;Battle of Tetorigawa&amp;quot;. Nobunaga Oda, in an attempt to seize control of the land, comes face to face with the honorable Kenshin Uesugi. This is the story of men who followed their ambitions to the bitter end.","An additional playable scenario, &amp;quot;The One-eyed Dragon&amp;quot;. This scenario centers around the bold and ambitious One-Eyed Dragon, Masamune Date, and his heroic gamble to seize control of the land. This is a story of passion and unbridled ambition.","An additional playable scenario, &amp;quot;Shingen's Final Step&amp;quot;. The time has finally arrived for the Takeda Army, reputedly the strongest in the land, to march upon the capital. Shingen's illness has healed, and he is no longer uncertain of what he desires.",Explore the Digital Art Book &amp;quot;The art of Fallen: A2P Protocol&amp;quot; while enjoying the Original Soundtrack.,The original soundtrack to Azure Striker Gunvolt has officially arrived!,A fast paced retro arcade shooter built ground up for room scale VR. Save the city from waves of invading robots and dish out destruction with a full arsenal of futuristic weaponry!,"Erwin's Timewarp is an Adventure game in which the player controls the dog named Erwin, the pet of the scientist Dr. Zachory. He has invented a time machine with that Erwin was transferred to the time 1984 by accident. In order to come back to present time Erwin has to find parts of a time machine.","ESSEN, on the verge of the 20th century: solar energy and clean power do not yet exist but there is “an endless supply of coal”. You are the owners of coal mines and it is your responsibility to produce lorries, send them below ground, and mine all the coal you can wrest from your pits.","In Daily Espada from Pidroh, players assume the role of a family man drawn into Brazil’s most bizarre game show, as he fights hordes of monsters from Brazilian mythology. Maneuvering through fireballs and dodging enemy attacks in Daily Espada’s fast-paced combat is simple when compared to the protagonist’s struggle with his dysfunctional...","A point and click adventure about the mad wizard Keith, and his quest to create zombie cyborg friends to come to his parties so he won't be lonely!","Inspired by the works of the De Stijl masters’ limitations on form and color, Mondrian - Abstraction in Beauty takes an abstract look at the history of video game art in the form of a circular block-breaker.","Mondrian - Abstraction in Beauty: Original Game Soundtrack, composed by Davidjohn Blodgett and Hannah Hoyt, features over an hour of acid jazz, hip hop, trip hop, ambient, electronic, and classical music. Remastered from in-game tracks and exported as 320kbps, 44.","In an endless air ocean of an alien world, small lonesome plots of land float above the abyss. But sometimes approach each other, and lands which have never met before, reveal their secrets.","The Last Sunshine alpha build 0.0.2.1968. The Last Sunshine is a fast paced top down shooter inspired action game. Earn a variety of skills, then mix and match them with your customized stats to dispatch droves of dark, aggressive enemies. Will light win against the darkness? It's the end of the universe!","Original sound track of Alien Robot Monsters by the epic orchestral specialist Markku Rankala. If any of the 80s movie soundtracks of titles such as Predator, Robocop, Rambo, Terminator and so on makes you all fuzzy inside, then this should be right down your alley.","For years the military has been searching for a way to gain an edge in aquatic warfare. It started with training dolphins... but that wasn't enough. Deep in an ocean laboratory at an undisclosed location, they have taken it to the next level.","The RIDE - 2015 Top Bikes Pack 1 DLC lets you hurtle around the tracks on 7 of the best bike models produced in 2015, from the most distinguished manufacturers in the world, including BMW, Ducati, Kawasaki, MV Agusta, Triumph and Yamaha!",King of the Road is back! Trucker 2 lets you sit once again behind the wheel of a truck and race on American highways.,"The RIDE - 2015 Top Bikes Pack 2 DLC lets you hurtle around the tracks on 7 of the best bike models produced in 2015, from the most distinguished manufacturers in the world, including BMW, Honda, Kawasaki, MV Agusta, and Suzuki!","Legends say he saved the world. Too bad he doesn't remember, because to save it again, Duncan must retrieve his memories, in this exciting 20-hour RPG full of quests and hilarious dialogues!","A Sirius Game is 3D, action-adventure game with RPG elements. It requires the player’s ship to escort other merchant ships to different ports unharmed by the pirates and also trade different items for money.","The most non-Japanese jRPG of the decade! Epic Quest is an action-packed adventure featuring over a dozen classic and rich environments, 5 playable characters and a plethora of skills, spells and Limit Breaks. A must-have for fans of the SNES Final Fantasy and Chrono Trigger!","Incredible adventures at the edge of the world! Try a great new Hidden Object Puzzle Adventure game, and restore the once great race of the elves!",A four races sci-fi base building real time strategy game set on the dark side of an unknown planet where the valuable &amp;quot;green ice&amp;quot; resource can be found.,Fearless journalist Laura is again brought in to investigate strange murders taking place in New York. Immerse yourself in an exciting crime story and solve the mystery of a dangerous criminal surrounded by lightning!,"Sail to adventure through the treacherous seas of Don't Starve: Shipwrecked! With new playable characters, biomes, creatures and seasonal effects; Wilson and the whole Don’t Starve cast of characters embark on a sea-bound journey of exploration, adaptation and of course, starvation.","The Dreamatorium of Dr. Magnus 2 is the second chapter of the game you loved. Colorful locations, challenging puzzles, RPG elements, amusing comments and many more to come!","ALERT! Home World is under siege by VIRUS! We won’t sugar-coat this soldier, you'll take on dangerous enemies, bent on destroying Home World, face treacherous terrain, visit unseen lands, and wield weapons of unimaginable strength in the fight to cleanse the world of the corruption that is VIRUS.","Tsioque is an animated adventure game inspired by classic 80s and 90s point and click titles. Craftily mixing influences of games like Day of the Tentacle, Dragon's Lair or Humongous Games' Pajama Sam, it offers its own, original narrative experience, which can be described as both dark and adorable.","Bust some bugs and save the world with the most average of heroes! Overcome obstacles such as killer cars, lava floors and one seriously ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off sun, tackle the horrors of the daily commute but with more fire and randomness.","Tsioque is an animated adventure game inspired by classic 80s and 90s point and click titles. Craftily mixing influences of games like Day of the Tentacle, Dragon's Lair or Humongous Games' Pajama Sam, it offers its own, original narrative experience, which can be described as both dark and adorable.","Get ready for Clash Cup Turbo - colorful and intense pick-up-and-play multiplayer competition with friends and family, on the couch or online using Friend Play™! Play as various Clash Cup athletes to smack the puck into the opponent's goal in a variety of stylized levels filled with obstacles and traps!","The future of racing is here, and it's called MOTORHEAD. This game allows you to hop in one of 10 streamlined racers and test your skills on eight obstacle-filled courses that wind through urban, desert, and seaside terrain.","Typing Instructor Platinum is the new typing leader! This program uses the latest technology to provide an educational, entertaining, and motivating experience for beginners and intermediate – even advanced typists, with creative learning themes, fast moving, arcade-style games, educational learning plans with progression, and several...","Kids learn to type on an exciting adventure on Typer Island. They learn all keyboard basics following one of 11 age-appropriate Typing Plans. Step-by-step lessons, challenges, tests, and games motivate kids to keep typing their way around the Island to reach the Castle, advance to the Lost City, and become touch-typists!","Professor Teaches Photoshop Creative Cloud is a fast and easy way to learn Adobe Photoshop CC, the premier image design tool used by artists, animators, design agencies, and web developers and designers. Professor Teaches Photoshop CC provides complete tutorials, guides, and interactive exercises to help unleash your creative potential.","Explore and experiment in this space-garden full of friends, foliage, and fun.","Exclusive footage detailing the cultural legacy of the Metal Gear franchise as seen through the eyes of MGSV's main cast, game critics, journalists, and top-tier creators from both the game and film industries.","Squad is a 50 vs 50 multiplayer first-person shooter that aims to capture combat realism through communication and teamplay. Major features include vehicle-based combined arms gameplay, large scale environments, base building, and integrated positional VoIP for proximity talking &amp;amp; radio.","Cat Simulator is a fun first person-cat video game. Your goal is to chase rats and mice, break things, eat, and do other things that cats do... You will experience the joy of hunting mice and rats while racking up points by knocking things over. Cause as much destruction as you possibly can!",Original Soundtrack from Nova-111.,World of Soccer online is a multiplayer online football game.,"Hurtworld is a hardcore multiplayer survival FPS with a focus on deep survival progression that doesn't become trivial once you establish some basic needs. Built for hardcore gamers, Hurtworld aims to punish.","Ice Lakes is a modern ice fishing simulator with different single and multiplayer game modes and sandbox approach to wintertime fishing. Use and customize wide selection of fishing gear and learn how changing season, bottom topology, time of day and weather conditions affects fish behavior.","A Fresh and Insane Brawler with Roguelike elements. Lead a fellowship of jackasses abducted by angry aliens and forced to spread chaos into the most famous sports events. Instant fun, Retro Arcade style, for up to 4 players.",Use Sky Diver to benchmark the DirectX 11 performance of gaming laptops and mid-range PCs.,"Fran Bow is a creepy adventure game that tells the story of Fran, a young girl struggling with a mental disorder and an unfair destiny.",The original soundtrack for Circa Infinity,"Join renegade mechanic Robin and uncover the secrets of a dying planet. Explore a huge, open world filled with intricate puzzles, oddball characters and menacing bosses in a beautiful platform adventure telling a personal story about faith, purpose and whether the world is really worth saving.",Been looking for the thrill? Then you've come to the right place! Insanity Clicker is a time-killer game full of horror and fear that will make you tremble in a couple of minutes!,"Time to hop into a dirt-thumping dune buggy or tricked-out truck and race your way to victory in TNN MOTORSPORTS HARDCORE HEAT. The world of off-road driving action is yours for the taking as you compete in varied modes like Championship, Time Attack, and an invaluable Practice mode in cars you've modified down to their brakes,...","The Journey Back is a first person exploration experience. You gain consciousness after being involved in a car crash. Explore a colorful, stylized 3d world, solve puzzles and find out what happened along the way.",NoteThis downloadable content is used for donation purposes only and does not actually add anything to Borderless Gaming.,"Sit back and enjoy the original 11 songs that launched with the insane driving-meets-soccer video game, Rocket League®!",A 2D Metroidvania game with equal focus on action and exploration. Are you a bad enough robot to make it out in one piece?,"ROOT is a cyber espionage themed hardcore stealth FPS that lets you play it how you want: whether creeping along corridors undetected or bursting into rooms to blow away all adversaries. Cyber terrorism is a dangerous profession, and risks have real consequences.",A fast paced action shooter inspired by the arcade classic Super Pang! Use a wide selection of weapons and powerups to tear through increasingly challenging levels.,Music composed by Dren McDonald The soundtrack features more than 40 minutes of original music composed and recorded exclusively for Gathering Sky. The score was recorded at the San Francisco Conservatory of Music with a small wind and string ensemble and vocalists as part of the Technology and Applied Composition program.,"Experience the awesome soundtrack behind RFLEX, and support the musicians.",Streamline combines traditional platforming with a fresh take on physics based survival. Your goal is simple; stay alive for as long as possible in a world literally falling apart.,"Only Audials One offers all Options of the Audials Software Family.Audials One provides you with unique Opportunities for Entertainment. Audials Windows software hooks you up with Music-and-more, Streaming, Universal Converter, as well as a Media Center.","Only Audials One offers all Options of the Audials Software Family.Audials One provides you with unique Opportunities for Entertainment. Audials Windows software hooks you up with Music-and-more, Streaming, Universal Converter, as well as a Media Center.","Audials Tunebite Platinum is the pro software for media files.The all-rounder for legally recording, converting and enjoying protected music, movies and DVDs.Additional Features of Audials Platinum Upgrade:StreamingSave Video - Record Video-Streaming: With Audials, you can record any video service and save the movies automatically in any...","Only Audials One offers all Options of the Audials Software Family.Audials One provides you with unique Opportunities for Entertainment. Audials Windows software hooks you up with Music-and-more, Streaming, Universal Converter, as well as a Media Center.","Play as a special ops combat unit sent to investigate why the stars around Solar System are going dark. Smart guns, robots, self-reconstructing environments, and vast AIs are rocking in this story-based post-cyberpunk action platformer adventure game of supermassive scale set in early 22nd century!","Synchrom is an immersive musical journey where you play with your own cognitive abilities. Take control of a Synchrom, a mysterious device that can channel the pulses of light energy, sharpen your senses and show precision to defeat your opponents.","P·O·L·L·E·N is an atmospheric, suspenseful and highly interactive first person sci-fi exploration game set on Saturn’s moon Titan. Delve into the richly detailed Station M, and try everything you can get your hands on to uncover the mysteries that lie beneath the moon’s crust.","Benji Challenges is a fun and casual platformer where you control the monkey Benji, swinging from vine to vine. Features gorgeous graphics, intuitive control mechanics and 50 hand-crafted levels of challenging gameplay!",Rogue Operatives is a online multiplayer game based in the ever unstable yet comical world of Novak Intelligence.,"Play the role of Professor Dyer, a geologist at Miskatonic University who travelled to Antarctica in 1930 as the leader of a research expedition, in this 3D first-person horror survival adventure game.","Three new Challenges - introducing environmental dangers to Magicka 2's Challenge Maps! Hordes of bloodthirsty enemies pour out from mysterious gates in the North, South and East, each with unique environmental dangers! One of the Challenges is truly a challenge – Bragging rights included!","Three full Robe sets suitable for Wizards that want to look really cool, hot or just like a Samurai!",Smoots World Cup Tennis is an Arcade Tennis game with plenty of possibilities.,Spec Ops Pack unlocks 10 models for World of Guns: Gun Disassembly,"Welcome to Auto Dealership Tycoon, own and operate your own car dealership. Watch your Customer Satisfaction Rating, if it sinks too low customers will stop coming! Special customers will visit your Dealership on occasion! Sometimes good, sometimes bad.","Welcome to RoShamBo arena! A brand new FREE arena fighting game, based on a classic rock-paper-scissors! Choose your character out of dozens unique looks, customize your gear, fight other players, knock their teeth out and become the best in RoShamBo Arena!",GET OVER HERE is a fast paced battle arena game! Choose one of the 12 over the top characters and get ready to PULL and FINISH all your enemies!! No one to play locally? Go online and try to beat the best players worldwide!,"With unprecedented access to the inner workings of the most famous counter culture festival in the world, this film explores the philosophy that fuels it, the culture that drives it &amp;amp; the transcendent experience that makes it a worldwide phenomenon.","Watch Pretty Girls go wild in the all-new “Mahjong Solitaire”. Find pairs of tiles to delete them. Delete all tiles before time runs out to clear a round. Once you make it to the third round, a girl in a sexy costume begins to reveal herself as you delete tiles... As you clear stages, the girls get sexier and sexier!",Choose your giant monster! Give it an awesome paint-job! Take of the world in style in this light action-strategy game that harkens back to the classic PC monster city-stomping games of yesteryear!,Trigonarium is a hardcore twin-stick shooter for fans of challenging arcade gaming. Fight your way through multitudes of enemy formations in constantly shifting battle arenas to face the colossal level bosses.,"This is the official AIPD soundtrack, written, composed and produced by Matthew Tasa and Krystian Kozlowski.","The Undefeated Deluxe Pack contains the Official Guide as well as wallpapers, artworks and bonus savefiles.","Includes the soundtrack, digital art book, two special ingame items and first DLC.","Atom Universe is a Free-to-Play social Virtual World: a theme park featuring fun people and fun things: plenty of games, rides and amusements, as well as advanced social interactions.","Requires HTC Vive to play. Free trapped water bears by rerouting, remixing and redirecting water flows in a frolicking 3D environment! Water Bears VR is the next evolution of Water Bears, winner of the 2015 Serious Play Awards “Best in Show” and the 2015 CTR “Editor’s Choice for Excellence in Design.",Sound Shift is a VJ style music visualiser mixed with a simple arcade shooter.,"First released in arcades in 1980, the masterpiece PAC-MAN comes to Steam! Move PAC-MAN up, down, left, and right to avoid the ghosts and gobble up all the Pac-Dots!",Horizon Shift is an explosive wave based single screen shooter with a ton of new ideas and platformer elements. Do what it takes to protect your horizon from the ever encroaching enemy attack!,"The 4 Warcasters of the Apotheosis - Lich Lord Terminus, Karchev the Terrible, The Harbinger of Menoth and Darius &amp;amp; Halfjacks","A minimal space exploration and survival game. Pilot the last vessel of a fallen civilization into the vast unknown, in search of a new world to call home.",FREE PVP TRIAL AVAILABLE NOW! A tremendous band of badass heroes fight to protect the universe’s very last star from a mysterious evil in this Hero Shooter by the creators of Borderlands.,"Noximilian, good family father and genius clockmaker finds an old artifact : the Eliacube. Fascinated, he starts to study the strange device, until it becomes an obsession. Discover the past of Nox, the evil Xelor of WAKFU Season 1 !","What if dancing could save the world? In Dance Magic, it can. What if scientists invented a brand new form of biological energy able to convert dancing moves to real power? Then the fate of the whole human race would depend on the most skilled dancer’s will. Do not let this energy be used for destruction!",Explore the Wild West and help Ted and his friends in their adventures!,Find the philosopher's stone and save your mentor!,"Shoot tennis balls at your adversaries and save the city from the evil Explodz Inc. This is no Wimbledon, this is Tennis in the Face! Get ready for some hilarious ragdoll-smashing ball-bouncing action!","Train hard, fight crocodiles and find love. Earn your place in the Punch Club ranks, and discover who brutally murdered your father, in this choose your own adventure boxing management tycoon.","Conclave, will give your vassals some bite to go along with your bark, as the council that governs your realm will now demand some say in how you rule.","Conclave will give your vassals some bite, as the council that governs your realm will now demand some say in how you rule.",Lead your people. Survive the wilderness. Fight for honor. Reclaim your eternal reward. A brand new strategy game from the developers of Cultures and The Settlers II.,"One gloomy night, Bulb Boy wakes suddenly from a frightening nightmare to discover that evil has overshadowed the Bulbhouse. His family has disappeared and there are horrid monsters lurking in the shadows. Gather the courage and use his glass head to save everything he loves.","Victory is at your fingertips! Your ability to lead your nation is your supreme weapon, the strategy game Hearts of Iron IV lets you take command of any nation in World War II; the most engaging conflict in world history.",Premium access into the game for 12 months.,BattleStick is a crazy and casual fast-paced physics-based 2D stickman MMO where you fight others in an arena with several weapons to choose from! Imbue yourself with the power of those you've slain whilst misleading your enemies by feigning your own death!,"Daydreamer is a classic platformer focused around Boss fights, blowing up Aliens and Robots, and using speed and abilities to evade attacks as you traverse mind-blowing alien landscapes.","The soundtrack for Three Digits. Includes three calm, soothing songs in high quality .wav format.",Unlocking the Paladin hero.,Unlocking the Assassin hero.,Unlocks the Witch hero.,Barbarian's Full Set of Artifacts: legendary armor and weapon for those who prefer Barbarian's brutal force. Ensure your superiority! The package offers a choice of one of three level 1 sets.,Dimension Drive is a space shooter that challenges your skills in entirely new ways. Play two games at once on this dual battlefield madness set on a comic book universe!,"Warhammer 40,000: Deathwatch is a turn-based strategy game, set on the edge of Imperial space, where your Space Marines will take on the Tyranids in a series of tactical engagements.",The story of funny little friends who got into trouble and found themselves far away from home. They need your help to get back home! Your journey will be peppered with wonderful adventures and incredible tests.,"In BUILDANAUTS, you’re the foreman, the city planner, and the mayor of the town of your dreams. Build a town that your townsfolk, the Buildanites, will be proud to call home!","A huge hand-crafted world packed with 13 unique bosses, a gripping story, and tons of enemies, Spaceport Hope is the ultimate test of gaming prowess.",Gunman Clive returns in an all new adventure. Now in Color!,"Get all ELEVEN Season Five pinball tables for the discounted price of $29.99 (40% off the normal price). Tables Included: The Getaway: High Speed II™, F-14 Tomcat™, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein™, No Fear: Dangerous Sports™, Judge Dredd™, Fireball™, El Dorado™, Hurricane™, Rescue 911™, Last Action Hero®,...","The Season Five Pro Pack includes all of tables and extra content released from Table Pack 41 through Table Pack 50 for a greatly discounted price! This includes the pinball tables: The Getaway: High Speed II™, F-14 Tomcat™, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein™, No Fear: Dangerous Sports™, Judge Dredd™, Fireball™, El Dorado™, Hurricane™, Rescue...","Take control of one of three playable characters (Gunvolt, Ekoro, and Beck) as you blast your way past the baddies in stage after stage of side-scrolling action! Each stage ends with a boss encounter. Defeat the boss to complete the stage.",12 Cyberpunk tracks from BAFTA Nominated composer Russell Shaw and Synthwave musician Protector 101,Solve the mystery at the heart of this chilling thriller!,"PLAY, CREATE, PARTY! Tower Unite is a community-based virtual world party game with online games, entertainment, activities, and no microtransactions.","This multi-award winning adventure game explores a love story between two beautiful souls through ingenious humour, mind bending puzzles and a bizarre, hand-drawn, frame-by-frame animation style.","Classical 2D point-n-click psychedelic adventure, permeated with original humor and mind blowing puzzles.",The Legend Of Tango is a short comedy JRPG that tells the story of how Tango Fiesta was born through the medium of a classic fantasy JRPG.,"Real time strategy meets tank shooter in Battleline. If you love sighting and delivering sabot rounds downrange as well as invading enemy territory with your tank guild, then Battleline is for you!","This DLC features the digital artbook of Victor Vran in PDF form, and the original soundtrack of the game, composed by George Strezov.","Dead Effect 2 is the newest addition to the acclaimed Dead Effect franchise. This action sci-fi shooter is looking to push the boundaries of first-person shooters to new levels with slick graphics, rich narrative and RPG elements.","Owys is designed as a game where you can demostrate your ability. Test yourself with different mechanics along the different worlds that compose it. You can play offline, online and use the real-time editor. Discover the community levels and create your own.","Take command of the Navigos Traffic Control Station and with the help of a fleet of Police Frigates, Customs Clippers and Tugboats. Guide cargoships, couriers, luxury liners and cruisers safely to their destinations.","For digital play on the Fantasy Grounds virtual tabletop... War of the Dead brings the zombie apocalypse to the award winning Savage Worlds role-playing game. Broken down into 4 chapters of 13 adventures each, Chapter One begins aboard the maiden voyage of the Pinnacle cruise ship as the group first encounters the Living Dead.","FULL METAL CYBERPUNK!Converted for digital tabletop play on Fantasy Grounds.In a not-so-distant future, the world has been ravaged by global warming, subjected to the horrors of nuclear war and natural disaster, witnessed the collapse of the mightiest nation in the history of the world, and the rise of other nations to take its place.",Explore the ruined remains of the Aurora Science’s labs in a world where the rules of light and shadow no longer apply - just stay out of the light!,"In Mars Colony: Frontier you can learn the hard way what life would be like if you were stranded on the red planet. In this open-world simulator, you assume the role of an astronaut who has been sent on a mission to Mars only to have turmoil on Earth extend your stay indefinitely.",A fast and skill based party game where all of the focus lies in fun and engaging gameplay.,"A prison guard must make a decision that will either save or condemn a criminal, and puts his own daughter at risk. Inspired by actual events.","The race to engineer a flawless animal/fruit hybrid has come to an end. Kelly farms has patented a technology to produce sweeter, juicier specimens. And now, everyone wants a piece...",A businessman is confronted by his demons in the form of a door to door redemption salesman.,"A retro-inspired masterpiece, Mystery Castle is the one puzzle game that will rule them all!","An antiques dealer in search of Nazi plunder journeys to a decommissioned flak tower in Southern Germany. As he delves deeper into the facility, he finds himself unable to escape the foreboding presence lurking in the darkness.","Habitus is a light-hearted fun survival platform game, play as Oog Oog the prehistoric hunter and gatherer.",Master Spy Original Soundtrack by by André Allen Anjos / RAC,A prequel Novella to Satellite Reign written by Shadowrun author Russell Zimmerman.,"The Art of Satellite Reign: Art Book Behind the scenes images, words and stories behind the visuals of Satellite Reign",Bard's Gold Sountracks composed by Carlos Filipe Alves.,"Hey, you just died. But don't worry! All the major religions were wrong! Instead of ascending to a new plane of existence, you are now self-employed in the Afterlife with your own haunted house to run. Keep people just scared enough to keep believing in you, but not enough to alert the local authorities.","Systematic Immunity is a challenging precision platformer set inside the human body...and not a particularly healthy one either. This body has been infected by a big, nasty bugger of a germ, who is making it his business to spawn many more germs as fast as he can.",A unique action-puzzle platform game that will give you a whole new gaming experience.,"Dark Storm: VR Missions is a single-player stealth/action game in which you take control of Amber Kingsley, a new security recruit at the Irving Apex Research Facility. Before beginning her work, Amber must first undergo VR training where her skills will be pushed to the limit.",A challenging puzzle platformer inspired by games like Limbo and Badland.,"DISTRAINT is a 2D psychological horror adventure game for PC.You step into the shoes of an ambitious young man named Price.In order to forge a partnership from a famous company, Price seizes the property of an elderly woman. In that very moment he finds out the price of his humanity.This is his story and the tale of his regrets...","Enlist for active duty with Arma 3 Apex to a brand new warzone. With the new 100 km² South Pacific environment Tanoa, 13 weapons, 10 vehicles, a new faction, a co-op campaign, Arma 3 Apex introduces fresh opportunities for all combat operations. This is the PC’s premier military game at its finest.",A turn-based strategy game pitting two players of Light and Shadow against each other with asymmetric forces and hidden units.,"Ben and Ed is a 3D platformer, in which the player controls Ed the Zombie, who is forced to participate in a grotesque game show called &amp;quot;Rundead&amp;quot;. Will he beat all obstacles Hans Showmaster confronts him with, to save his best friend Ben?","World War III was one cruel tragedy, at least for the others. You seemed to have a quite nice time, hidden in your fancy penthouse at the Skyhill Hotel... Till the impact of a bio-weapon blew away the life you once knew.Now there are mutants everywhere, and they're eager to rip you to shreds with their vicious claws.","You are Fatman - the heroic crime fighter for the city of Shadowlawn. It is up to you, then, to tear yourself away from food long enough to save the city from certain destruction...",Official Soundtrack and Art Book (PDF) for Shadowrun: Hong Kong,"A dark, surreal psychological horror game, in which a young girl finds herself locked in a shed, in the middle of an idyllic autumn forest.","The Galacide Artbook is a composition of the beautiful imagery developed during the making of the game. 35 pages of exclusive, never-before seen imagery and concepts, including 9 desktop wallpapers.",Voxel Blast is a game where you control a spaceship traveling across complex 3D environments to fight enemies in cages set to trap them with you. Navigate as fast as you can through the level to reach the beacons or risk facing squads of enemies already waiting for you; then use your weapons and evasive maneuvers to take them down in...,"Doors is a short, atmospheric first person logic game created by a one-man-team. Taking inspiration from Limbo and The Stanley Parable, Doors attempts to bring something new to the puzzle genre.","&amp;quot;ANKI&amp;quot; is a new platform, arcade, puzzle , game made by an independent artist Wojciech Krupinski. Incredibly addictive idea, which is teleport from left to right and from top to bottom, the author provides us with nice and pleasant moments. The gameplay will absorbs us utterly. &amp;quot;ANKI&amp;quot; is waiting for you.","Freedom Cry is a 16-bit style RPG made by the same team behind Valiant, Vagrant Hearts and Ashes of Immortality. A must-have for retro RPG fans with a focus on storyline and characters.",This DLC is a Skirmish pack with two new game modes: &amp;quot;Trench Assault &amp;quot; and &amp;quot;Team Defence &amp;quot;,"The Dwarf Run is an old-fashioned RPG featuring turn-based combat, elements of point-n-click adventure and intriguing story line.","An exploration of Volume's creation and the people who enhanced the simulation. This e-book includes interviews with the creative talent across art, music and design for an inside look at the game-making process.","Following up his BAFTA-nominated soundtrack to Thomas Was Alone, David Housden returns with 14 new original tracks for Volume, the new stealth action game from award-winning game designer Mike Bithell.",The official soundtrack of I Can't Escape: Darkness composed by Chase Bethea.,"The ICARUS.1 Abandoned for decades, crew M.I.A.","The action platformer with crafting for people who don't like crafting!Randomly-generated level compositions, a unique sci-fi setting, and some decision-based narrative fluff.","Rot Gut is an action packed platformer set in America’s 1920’s Prohibition era. You take control of an agent who, to uncover their mysteries, goes on a mission to fight the city’s underground armed to the teeth organizations.",BLACKHOLE is an animated 2D sci-fi hardcore platformer. Become a hero and discover the secrets hidden in a mysterious Entity. DEMO NOW AVAILABLE. The world inside the black hole is waiting for you to explore it!,"Lost in a weird city in the middle of the desert and surrounded by strange creatures that keep staring at you. This is a game about exploring the unknown and solving puzzles... lots of them! Don't be fooled by the looks, this isn't a point &amp;amp; click adventure.","Support &amp;quot;Missing Translation&amp;quot; and get concept art, soundtrack, exclusive wallpapers and more!","Operation Hardcore is an action-packed 2D side-scrolling shooter inspired by classic twitchy action games of yesteryear, but with modern touches and conveniences.","In Inventioneers you can create your own crazy, fun inventions! With the help of the Inventioneers, our tiny helpers with unique characteristics, you can invent fun, creative and often quite weird inventions. A lot of inventions are included in the game, the more you solve the more parts you receive for your own inventions!","Armor Clash is an RTS game of modern warfare, containing classic features like base building, unit training etc. Players can pick modern armors such as M1A2, T-14 to form identical legions. With realistic effects and fast paced battle, players will enjoy commanding their armored forces to break down the enemy.","Ittle and Tippsie crash onto yet another island filled with loot, puzzles and mysterious inhabitants! With the help of a magical map, they set out to steal eight pieces of a raft from increasingly improbable locations including beaches, prairies, an art exhibit and some dude's basement.","In Velocity Stream one player takes control over the Paver, a spacecraft that flies through the game world, leaving a trail of energy in its wake. It's on this trail that the other players race each other.",Waste Walkers Role Playing Game DLC: This DLC includes all the necessary files to play Waste Walkers as a role playing game with all your friends like other similar tabletop role playing games.,"Painters Guild Soundtrack by the Swiss composer Morvan. Inspired by the Renaissance, this soundtrack features amazing choirs, harpsichords and more in high quality.","Decent Icons is a Game Launcher for Windows that gives you complete creative freedom. Create icons for games and software from any screenshot, wallpaper or box art image, no photo editing required!",It's a game where you play as a bear and explore stuff.,"“Reality and dreams are about to become entwined…..” The Last Dream: Developer's Edition&amp;quot; is a casual adventure game which, despite having some classic casual elements, will also offer a greater challenge for more experienced gamers.","Sky Tower is a relaxation VR experience. Whenever you are tired after a long day at work or just need a change of scenery, the tower is an ideal place for retreat. A personal place where you can just lay back, enjoy the atmosphere and watch your favorite videos.",Lapland Solitaire is a Christmas themed card game in which you progress through the build-up to the big day by playing through 200 levels and spending your hard earned chocolate coins on Lapland features.,"Loved by millions, played for centuries, backgammon is a two-player strategy game quite unlike any other. The goal is simple: race to get your checkers off the board first. The deceptively deep rules and rhythm of backgammon has secured it as a favourite among casual and veteran players alike.",Guide Wilson Cooper to his destiny,"Go on an exciting journey in the 14th century of Florence, an amazing city struck by a mysterious disease. The story is brimming with fascinating characters, historical events and captivating locations. History is yours to explore.",Yarrrrrr! Scarlett is back in an all-new Farm Frenzy adventure that puts the fun back in farming! Guide the red-haired beauty as she sets aside her vacation plans to help the animals of an abandoned island learn to provide for themselves.,"Scribbled Arena is Top-Down Twin-Stick shooter multiplayer game. Control a doodled tank on fully doodled arena, for a crazy online multiplayer game. Play with up to 9 other players in variety of game modes and maps.",Includes the Convoy Soundtrack with music from Antinomia in high quality OGG format. An hour-long album featuring all tracks heard in the game.,عالم أريب هي لعبة جماعية على الإنترنت من نوع ألعاب تقمص الشخصيات MMORPG.شارك أصدقاءك الآن في عالم مليء بالإثارة والغموض وساعد عالم أريب في النهوض من جديد!,A super fast-paced ARCADE TOWER-DEFENSE. Build turrets and shoot your way through hordes of alien scum as you protect multiple rooms simultaneously!,"Help Randy use his previous experience to break the system and bring freedom to his beloved brother Larry who was put away into Zatwor for trying to help Randy grasp justice! Be silent and stealthy, use the back door to walk undetected through the most brutal prison in the country!",The Snathi have risen from the ashes of their Precursor prison world. They have only one goal: revenge.,"The Rise of the Chubtan is a chaotic and fast paced fighting game with constant looming death for all the players. Knock your enemies into pools of acid, spinning saw blades or even under a speeding train. You play a Mayan god fighting his brother for the souls of mankind.",InCell is an action/racing VR game with a bit of strategy and science thrown into the mix. You'll take an exciting journey inside the highly unusual micro world of human cell and stop the virus advance. The game is focused on VR but you can play just fine without a set.,"An immersive, animated VR film. Crafted by the artists, animators and storytellers of Penrose Studios, “The Rose And I” is about loneliness, friendship, love, and loss. Come meet a lonely Rose living in the unlikeliest of places, and join her as she transports you to a brand new universe.","Assume control of a Middle Eastern country recovering from a violent revolution. It is up to you: Forge alliances, grow your economy, invade your neighbors, or pacify your population. Rogue State is a geopolitical strategy game that will force you to always stay one step ahead of your rivals to survive.","Secret of Magia is an action RPG. Explore a huge world and free your people from the tyranny of an evil, supernatural dictator.",Jump and blast your way through the hostile reaches of the kingdom on your quest to recover the Music Crystals!,Steal alien powers and absorb their memories! Can you outlast your opponents to escape from planet Versus? An epic adventure in a new galaxy.,Steal alien powers and absorb their memories! Can you outlast your opponents to escape from planet Versus? An epic adventure in a new galaxy.,"Supercharge Rosae, your WorningBird, for in-game hints!","Head to Australia and use all the superpowers you can to deliver fast pizza! Watch out for pizza-haters though! World's Fastest Pizza: It's not easy, when your pizza is so cheesy...","For the first time ever, the first Sci-Fi MMORPG, Anarchy Online, lands on Steam! Compete and cooperate with thousands of players simultaneously in an elaborate science-fiction world. Join humanity nearly 30,000 years in the future in a world of perpetual conflict and scientific marvel.","Dive into the atmosphere of a dense, hand painted game while exploring the reason why you are here. Welcome to a world In Between.",Instantly get involved in the action by joining the Allied invasion of Europe during the Second World War. Take command of an American battle group during WW2 in this turn based strategy wargame and help liberate Europe from the evil Axis power-base!,"Bleed 2 is a relentless arcade action game featuring air-dodging, bullet-reflecting, and tons of bosses.","LocoSoccer is a fun, crazy physics-based soccer game where you must do a lot of goals to win cups and accesories for your team. Your objective is easy: win all cups with your goals. How awesome is that?",The Spookening is a 3D scare ‘em up game à la Tim Burton. You die every night and spawn as a ghost trying to resurrect. Scare villagers out of their wits and grab their soul power during the midnight hour in order to resurrect!,"Historical multiplayer reconstruction, dedicated to the offensive of the Entente forces at Cambrai in 1918.","One-eyed Jak is a roguelike-like First Person Shooter. This game is focus fast-paced shooting with randomly generated maps. Become a wizard and fight with various one-eyed monsters. Get new items to improve your abilities, it will be help your journey.",The Evoland 2 soundtrack: 51 tracks of retro goodness for your ears!,,"Battlevoid: Harbinger is a hard sci-fi space exploration game blending roguelike, turn-based, star map strategy, and real-time space battles. You are a young commander venturing out into enemy territories, to unknown galaxies, never knowing what you will face as you jump out from hyperspace.","DEAD IN BERMUDA is a survival management game with RPG and adventure elements. Lead a team of 8 survivors from a plane crash. Assign them to tasks, gain experience, develop your survival skills, research and craft new items, explore the island and solve its mysteries.","Listen to the music of the Multiverse with you, wherever you are!","Add 5 new gadgets and a playable character to Chariot! Play as the Shopkeeper in solo or co-op and try the Shield Bubble, Stasis Field, Royal Arms and more!",Adventure horror with many puzzles and an interesting story.,"Build up defensive lines, train your warriors, and send them off in PvP battles.",CMYW is a four player survival co-op inspired by classic space shooters. The objective is to work as a team in order to survive the longest and score the highest. Find a balance between gathering resources and defending your portal if you hope to succeed.,"Quantum Flux is an old school style rogue-like following the Artemis. A prototype vessel aiming to save humanity from destruction, to do so it must find a way through a difficult and hostile universe to create a new home for the human race.",The full soundtrack for the game Quantum Flux by Forte Sounds Ltd.,"TowerClimb is a difficult and rewarding procedurally generated platformer with roguelike elements. Enormous and mysterious towers of ancient unknown origin stand above humanity, extending to the heavens. Struggle forward as a weak human, driven by an iron will to reach the top.","ACE Academy is a slice-of-life, story-centric comedy game with elements of dating-sim; fully voiced and extensively interactive!","Guide Tahira, the 20-year old princess of Avestan, through the most challenging night of her life in this epic tactical turn-based adventure. You must fight to save your people from the genocidal Astral Empire on a world fallen into a medieval dark age after the collapse of a spacefaring civilisation.","Lean on your network of in-game friends and family to trade, mine and explore in this genre-busting space simulation.",LA-MULANA Original Sound Track provided in FLAC/MP3/WAV formats!,"Hover Cubes: Arena is a competitive first-person action jump 'n' run, combining a fast dynamic gameplay (air jumps, wall jumps, dash and slides) and shooter mechanics to reach a whole new level. Be part of a great tournament! Play with or against your friends or challenge other players worldwide.",Save the world with Guster! gShift is a 2.5D puzzle-platformer with 99 maze levels across 10 types of terrain.,"EVERSPACE™ combines fast-paced combat with roguelike elements, great visuals and a captivating story. It takes you on a challenging journey through an ever-changing, beautifully crafted universe full of surprises. Shoot, craft and loot your way to victory while the odds are stacked against you.","The full original soundtrack for PONCHO, as composed by the hugely talented Jack Odell! Dive into 16 carefully crafted tracks, each styled to perfectly compliment PONCHO's unique gameplay...",A special package containing extra goodies for Lumini: the soothing soundtrack and a full-colour art book that goes into great detail about the world and creatures of Lumini.,"Haunted by frightening dreams about her forgotten past, Isabella, along with her fiancé, were able to decipher one clue from the depths of her memory that leads them to an old ghost town.","The legendary hero Hercules and his wife Megara are back, ready to embark on their next adventure! The Gods are outraged at their defeat and have summoned a fearsome beast who can match Hercules's god-like strength.","In Season 2 of The Black Watchmen you have been assigned to investigate the aftermath of the Abyss Incident. Get ready for a new set of missions, mini-games and puzzles where you’ll battle against rival groups that wish to keep this advanced paranormal research to themselves.","Mass Destruction is a mission-based tank shooting game. Jump into one of three tanks each with its own strengths and weaknesses and take on 24 different missions, each with its own set of objectives. You must complete all the primary and secondary objectives and make your way to the extraction area for a mission to end successfully.","To free her beloved, the lawyer Kathleen Wilson has to hold her own investigation. She’ll have to solve a plethora of puzzles before she can learn what really happened.","The War of 1812. Northwest Frontier. William Aubrey, a rogue redcoat of the once-glorious 41st Regiment of Foot, is on the run. Wounded and tired, he seeks shelter during a thunderstorm inside an abandoned barn. But when he gets there, he finds he’s not alone...","CATYPH is a First Person Adventure game (Myst-like), part of a sci-fi series named The Black Cube (ASA: A Space Adventure...). Visit Tytaah, a moon of Catyph divided into 7 regions, and try to save your home planet Terra by solving the challenging puzzles of the mysterious Germinal.",Gridworld is an artificial life / evolution simulator in which abstract virtual creatures compete for food and struggle for survival. Conditions in this two-dimensional ecosystem are right for evolution to occur through natural selection.,GRIP is a futuristic combat racer inspired by the Rollcage games from 1999/2000. Combine furious speed with intense action to create memorable gaming moments you won't forget.,"Enjoy the ESCHATOS Official Soundtrack in lossless audio, presented by famed composer Yousuke Yasui!","An expansion for Coin Crypt that adds new coins, worlds, classes, bosses, subquests, and more!","Tidal Affair is a stealth adventure game that immerses you in the midst of conflict between pirates, rebels, and what governs the islands of Alter Tides.","New Story Lines, 61 endings and lots of new CG, all provided in this DLC. And it's FREE, just download and enjoy!","The Sumeragi Group is proud to present the debut album of their electrifying virtual pop star, Lumen!","Original Soundtrack composed and performed by Keiji Yamagishi. 9 master tracks from the legend behind Ninja Gaiden NES, Captain Tsubasa, Tecmo Bowl NES, and more!","Get ready for a brand new set of challenges that really tests the limits of both players and the game tools. In this DLC-pack you get the best of both worlds: puzzle-focused brain teasers and neck-breaking trick-jumping action. If you really love a challenge, then this pack is for you.","Ironkraft - Road to Hell is a fast paced 2.5D side-scrolling car-brawler with an alternative World War II story - Zombies, Nazis, Aliens and maximum craziness included! In a post-apocalyptic vehicle driven universe where only a few dare to step on the road, the fate of the world lies in your hands.","Take a journey to an epic fantasy world of Sphere 3: Enchanted World, the PvP-based MMORPG with hardcore non-target system! Play it for free to experience massive battles, breathtaking castle sages, deep storyline and even more.","RPG Tycoon is a simulation game that puts you in control of a newly established fantasy kingdom. Build, expand &amp;amp; grow as you hire heroes, complete quests and attract adventurers in order to become the greatest kingdom in all the land!","Arising from Early Access, Faeria is the PC Card Battler that you've always desired! Build your deck, shape the battlefield and defeat your opponents in epic battles!","Five souls, brought together in a simple rescue mission, come to learn that they are more connected than they had believed. Classic RPG goodness and intriguing storyline with this RPG from Valkyria Studios.","The main purpose of this game is showing and watching machines made out of blocks. Some of the game-modes allow you to battle or race against other players. (testing phase) You can create your original machine with ease by reassembling those machines that are distributed, or by using the automatic control block.","Unconventional project of the Imperial design bureau. It combines all the possible advantages of imperial firepower as well as extra speed. And if we add the survival of the diffusion shield, the ship's turning into a formidable weapon of the Empire. The first models of this ship have been transferred to the Imperial Guard.",The unique project of a fighter combining an unconventional propulsion system and a neural matrix on synapse conductors. Increased range of tackler modules allows you to engage in an effective fight at a distance not available to other tacklers of similar rank.,All the features of this model are focused on one thing: damage dealing and survival. This ship uses several unconventional sources of energy and a completely unique system of turbo-cooling. For the first time such ships were captured in battles with Cybers.,"Mysterious ship captured by pirates. High rotation speed and upgrades aimed at inflicting damage make this ship a good hunter. According to unconfirmed reports, the ship was intended for special pirate units, engaged in protection of the barons and performing very important tasks.",This ship is a completely independent project of the Tech faction. The perfect combination of modifications and bonuses makes this craft a very effective saboteur. The design of the ship exceeds almost all currently existing analogs.,"Frigate ‘Mauler’ is the most unusual project of Jericho. Excellent combination of ship role features, modifications, and bonuses makes it the most powerful ship in the line of frigates. Power core is so massive that connection and heatsinks pass through the whole ship, causing it to glow with an inner light.","This unique ship was first manufactured at the plant ‘Ambrosia-VII’. Mysterious Miss Summer promised to award it to her mercenaries for a series of operations. However, as it turned out, she was not going to fulfill the promise. ‘Nyx’ was actually meant for pirates controlled by Summer.","Robots of the Imperium Machina invaded the peaceful planet Merx. Go on an adventure to free your world from them. Stellar Overload is a 3D open-world, blocks-based, FPS, adventure game.","An amazing mix of RPG, strategy, simulation, sandbox and survival game. Aurora Dusk looks like a lot of games but instead of being alone, you live in a community. You play a single villager and evolve in a dynamic world.","An amazing mix of RPG, strategy, simulation, sandbox and survival game. Aurora Dusk looks like a lot of games but instead of being alone, you live in a community. You play a single villager and evolve in a dynamic world.",Command: Northern Inferno is a stand-alone game that uses the latest version of the Command: Modern Air/Naval Operations (CMANO) engine. Do you have what it takes to stand up to Soviet/WP forces and avert Armageddon?,Sengoku Jidai: Shadow of the Shogun is a turn-based tactical and strategic game set during the Sengoku era; primarily focusing on the Japanese Warring States period and Japanese Invasion of Korea.,Deliverance is a first-person survival horror game in which you are put into the captivity of a deranged man dawning a serial killing streak with no plans to stop. Play as &amp;quot;Victim #3&amp;quot; and try to find your way out of your captor's imprisonment as you explore a maze-like abandoned asylum.,"Kanji Training Game is a game that helps you learn the Japanese writing system in the form of a game. Memorize 1006 symbols of Kanji, Katakana and Hiragana, and level up as you advance through the increasingly complex alphabet and words of the Japanese language.",Listen to the music of Paperbound whenever you want. This includes all the tracks from Paperbound plus additional ones not present in the game.,"Troubles Land is in trouble Again. When Qais and his friends decided to revolt against the evil invaders, the secret services discovered their plot and imprisoned all his party. Help Qais free his friends and join them as they run, jump and slash their way through five distinct worlds of the Troubles Land.","A brand new entry in the landmark yuri game series, &amp;quot;A Kiss For The Petals!&amp;quot; The story of how fan-favorite couple Risa and Miya first met is now available on the PC!","Looterkings is a procedural dungeon-crawler you can play online in coop-mode with up to 3 of your friends. Loot as much as you can on your way up from the dark caves beneath earth to the surface, gear up and reach your ultimate goal ravaging the hallowed halls of the Elven Queen, eventually.","Join the CTU, arrest dangerous terrorist threats, use gadgets including the snake cam and play online with up to five player co-op","Little Big Adventure (also known as 'Relentless: Twinsen's Adventure') is an action-adventure RPG designed by Frédérick Raynal. It offers an epic story, quality puzzles and hundreds of characters and dialogues.","Build airplanes by snapping parts together, designing wing sections, and attaching engines. At any time, you can strap yourself into the cockpit and see how it flies with realistic physics. If you're not in the mood for building, over 100,000 airplanes are available to download for free.","The great Lords of England have their eyes on the the English throne! Muster an army and overrun your enemies' castles in this classic, nail-biting strategy game that blends turn-based and real-time gameplay.","Craft your own powerful and deadly spells! You are Magician, an apprentice of most powerful wizard brotherhood and the only person who can save the world from mysterious warlock Yendor who claims to be equal with gods!","In the Mother Russia DLC, you’ll need to complete an all new in-client mission set that brings you through the cold case files of Agent Msika and the circumstances surrounding her disappearance. Investigate the dark truths behind secret Soviet weapons programs and their modern day counterparts.",Hannibal: Terror of Rome covers the epic wars waged from 230 to 201 BC by the two superpowers of the Ancient World: Carthage and Rome. You will be able to relive the Second Punic War and the face-off between Hannibal with his elephants and the Roman general Scipio Africanus.,"Parthian Wars is a historical operational strategy game with simultaneous turns (WEGO system) that places you in command of Rome or their Eastern nemesis, the Parthians (from 53BC to 197AD).","Space Food Truck is a cooperative, culinary scifi adventure. 1-4 players take on unique roles aboard the Galaxy Gourmet. Their mission: explore a vast, procedurally-generated galaxy in search of exotic ingredients, craft delicious recipes, and withstand the untold dangers of deep space.",HueBots is a deceptively challenging top-down puzzle game. You control a team of colorful robots that will only interact with objects that match their color; they will also keep moving in one direction until they collide with something that matches their color.,"The #1 card game collection is back and better than ever- now updated with a new look, better AI and new opponents to play against! Hoyle Official Card Games includes all of your favorite authentic card games!","In the entertaining and educational game Zoombinis, players guide the little blue creatures through fun and increasingly challenging puzzles on their way to a new home.",It's up to you to stop the legendary Weeping Woman from terrorizing the children of San Cristobal!,"The sequel to the party game phenomenon The Jackbox Party Pack, featuring FIVE fresh, rib-tickling party games! Your phones or tablets are your controllers – no big mess of controllers needed. For up to 8 players plus an Audience of up to 10,000! It’s a game-night riot in a box… without the box!","The official soundtrack to the visual novel Over The Hills And Far Away, produced by Seycara Music and Arts.","You return to the land of Labyronia, now in the cold grip of an evil force. Roam the wartorn lands. You are the only one who can save the planet from destruction. The epic sequel to the critically-acclaimed Labyronia.","Deus Ex: Revision is a community-made overhaul of the 2000 classic. It features new environments, new music, and new world-building detail. It also bundles in some of the best modifications that the fanbase has made over the years, including Direct3D 9 rendering, high-resolution textures, high-detail 3D models, and alternative gameplay...","Inspired by “shmups” and shadows, Shmadow is a modern twin-stick side-scroller that nods to retro arcade gameplay. Use your light to blast through your enemies, unlock new powers, and defeat bosses before the darkness extinguishes you.","Fun meets Frustration. Hello and Welcome to Moonbase 332, The fast arcade first person shooter by PatchNoteStudio. Austria has tested on the Moonbase 332 some genetically modified Plagues to use it as a weapon. Your job is now there to clean up. Fight your way through the Moonbase 332.","The pioneering VR game 'Viral' is back in the form of 'Viral EX'! Now available on Steam and featuring full support for HTC Vive! As Ragnarok the Anti-Virus, battle across 50 stages of devious enemies, traps and puzzles.","To cube or not to cube, that is the question. There's no question about it - you need to become cubastic and cube around the gooiest platforms ever to be cubed around on. Indulge in the most mind blowing puzzles ever to be witnessed by any cubelet.",Get behind the wheel on over 16 courses in this celshaded futuristic high-speed racer!,"Run Run and Die is a crazy and atypical challenging runner. You must help our little penguin hero escape a hellish complex through 24 levels filled with spikes, bombs, robots, traps, and more!","Welcome to FIREFIGHT RELOADED, where the greatest warrior is determined by how many enemies they kill. Customize your experience with loads of countless options to choose from. Use your quick movement and overpowered footwear to be the best in the battlefield.","Hyperspace Invaders II: Pixel Edition is a hardcore, uncompromising vertical scrolling bullet hell/invader hell shooter (shmup) that doubles as a techno-based lightsynth, triggering bursts of funky invaders at the pulse of a relentless beat.","KEYBOARD AND JOYSTICK COMPATIBILE. Grab a copy now for $1.99 before it updates to the Deluxe Version priced at $3.99. Stretch across lands of unforeseeable cold, and trouble in Urizen Shadows of the Cold.","&amp;quot;Romance of the Three Kingdoms Maker&amp;quot; celebrates the 30th anniversary of the &amp;quot;Romance of the Three Kingdoms&amp;quot; series. It has been realized through a collaboration between the creators of the &amp;quot;Romance of the Three Kingdoms&amp;quot; series, Koei Tecmo Games, and the creators of the &amp;quot;TSUKURU&amp;quot; series, KADOKAWA.",Hylics is a recreational program with light JRPG elements.,"Meditation made simple &amp;amp; visual, built from the ground up for VR. Leave the worries of your life for a short virtual vacation across 17 environments, and return calmer and stronger. Find your happy place.",Lead through a action packed fast paced tower defense game with a story of an invasion on your homeland by a large foreign force and as a newly appointed commander do what you can to help your country fight back and defend against this enemy force which is approaching from the coast.,Experience the wonder of discovery as you rebuild a crumbling kingdom!,"With the power to freeze time, you can ransack a casino, rescue a celebrity, or cheat death itself! A thrilling interactive sci-fi novel.","With the power to freeze time, you can ransack a casino, rescue a celebrity, or cheat death itself! A thrilling interactive sci-fi novel.","Battle Quiz is a classical multiplechoice trivia quiz game. Many characters to choose from, large question base, and a lots of great fun!","Super Bomb Rush is a quick fire, highly challenging Defuse 'Em Up!","Let's Sing 2016 brings a brand new generation of karaoke to your PC!Whether you're an experienced vocalist or a bathroom crooner, grab a mic and give it all you've got with the 35 available hits, including Bruno Mars, Meghan Trainor, Calvin Harris, Sam Smith, Avicii, Maroon 5, John Legend...","Fight, adventure and explore against the clock to collect the crystals and save the world. Perform this ancient ritual in time to witness the creation of a new larger world. Keep up the pace and watch your world expand. Fall behind and be cursed with saving the same world over and over. Die and risk losing everything...","Manage car service, paint shop, car wash and tune cars.","Something happened aboard Whittenoom Corp.'s routine crew delivery transport to station Cassandra-11. As the automatic on-board maintenance systems were unable to resolve the situation, company policy requires that crew members be reanimated from cryogenic sleep. One was...","Like to chew gum and shoot zombies? Yeah? Cause we’re all outta gum… luckily, there is no shortage of zombies, weapons and ammo in this damned city... Carnivore Land, come for the thrill stay for the kills!",Arcane Sorcery is a 4x strategy game. You are a sorcerer king. Cast powerful spells from afar from one of 4 spell books. Train units and build your economy. High strategy on a campaign map as well in turn base battles. Challenging AI that does not get buffs in all but the hardest difficulty.,"&amp;quot;Business Tour&amp;quot; is a free to play multiplayer tabletop game. Play with up to 3 friends in online mode. Or single player in hot seat mode. Complete daily tasks, compete against the other players and receive trade items rewards!",The Highlander's Outfit is a stylish demon-hunter costume that generates Overdrive from special weapon attacks and lowers their cooldowns.,The Cauldron of Chaos is an ever-changing dungeon that offers randomized daily challenges for veteran demon hunters. This new content is available only for characters of level 26 and above.,"A new spell-caster weapon type that rewards mobility and clever positioning. The Tome can unleash devastating forays of magical attacks, teleport the caster and hamper his enemies with crowd-control effects.",This is a story about an office clerk who tries to leave monotonous routine of life and do a book. And if he could find the time for his dream it depends on you.,Clustertruck is a chaotic physics based truckformer. Jump your way through insane levels in a game of &amp;quot;the floor is lava&amp;quot; on top of speeding trucks driven by terrible drivers.,Your grandfather spent his life in search of the Inuits' legend of great treasure and infinite wealth. On his last expedition he travelled to the Arctic but never returned. It's up to you to find your missing grandfather and solve the Inuit mystery in this ice-cold Hidden Object Puzzle Adventure.,"These days the Chestnut Lodge Asylum is abandoned and forgotten, but many years ago a terrible tragedy unfolded behind those rusty gates. Every year, patients disappeared from the asylum without a trace. Neither the nurses nor the police could find any clues. But one day, everything changed.","In the near future the land invaded by huge colonies of alien creatures . They're going to destroy all of mankind , and to consolidate their race as the inhabitants of the earth. Hurry up , the Earth is in danger!","Woof Blaster is an action packed shooter featuring a dog with a gun and jet boots in search of a magical pizza which holds the key to becoming King of the Dog Planet. Destroy waves of enemies with an array of weapons, power-ups and the ability to transform into different monsters such as a T-Rex that shoots rockets from its mouth!","Little Big Adventure 2, also know as Twinsen's Odyssey is the sequel of Little Big Adventure in which you've liberated the world from its evil dictator Doctor Funfrock.","Colony Assault is an action game in which you play as a marine commander sent to evacuate scientists from a research colony on planet LN-421, after recieving their distress signal.","Inspired by Super Hexagon, Protoshift is a twitch-based, fast-paced arcade game. ​Enjoy a phenomenal electronic soundtrack as you put your mouse skills to the test by attempting to complete impossible levels to compete on global leaderboards.","A new twist to a tower defense game, that will challenge your strategy and test your love for cats as you feed them and clean their litter box.","INO is an Adventure/Horror story driven game that tells the story of Kaede and Hitaki, two classmates that get involved with a mysterious girl called Ino. Follow the story as they try to figure out who she is while they try to escape from being murdered.","Be a hero. Be the Ace of Protectors. According to the legend of the Venux, you're who can save the Venux. You have to fight devils who are trying to destroy the Venux.","Shapes of Gray is a stripped-down action-arcade game about rapidly descending through a series of seconds-long levels, each one containing a unique combat-puzzle micro-challenge. Turn your enemies against each other to get the high score and unlock the secrets of a tiny enigmatic world!","Advanced Space Flight, Combat, Trading, and Exploration Simulation. Set in a vast explorable universe, Evochron Legacy offers freeform gameplay with many diverse objectives and paths to choose from.","Euclidean; a game of geometric horror; a slow descent into the dark, into madness, futility, and despair, where Things greater than you watch and wait and dream. Struggle for every second of life you have left… Even knowing you’re better off dead.",BlackShadows is a survival horror game where you'll assume the role of a young scientist who is fighting against her worst nightmare... You'll have to escape from a strange and creepy place in order to survive. You think it's easy? Be careful : Black Shadows are never friendly!,"Learn Power Chords, Riffs and Rock Techniques for Rhythm and Lead Guitar. Classic guitar songs by artists like The Kinks, Green Day, Blue Öyster Cult, Nirvana, and others make guitar practice fun as you master rock, punk, and metal guitar styles.","Moonstrider is an action roguelike about shipwrecked astronauts trying to survive the journey back to Earth. Leap between planets with your trusty rocket boots, gather powerful items, fight against deadly and cunning aliens, and discover what really stranded you in the depths of space.","Eyestorm is a helicopter simulator game which takes place on a vast archipelago through forty exhilarating missions. The player must undertake rescue operations for survivors of accidents and shipwrecks, find missing expeditionists or transport important cargos, all within a limited time frame.",NoDescFound,Original SoundTrack Vol.,,Download the demo and get a taste of the hardcore brutality! Rip and tear monsters in half! Master your skills and enjoy jumping like a deranged pinball! Explore a rotten world full of deadly creatures and nihilistic inhabitants. Paint the cave walls blood red in 4-player co-operation.,"Absent is the first freeware release from FNGames. Originally released in 2013, the game makes its' Steam debut this year.",Mooch is an arcade experience where player must rely only on his reflex and agility. Main protagonist is puppet Blink who starts dangerous mission to find soul pieces of his friend Tula. Watch your every step. Even passages that seem safe may hide deadly traps.,"Discover the WRC Concept Car S, a WRC-class car created exclusively for the official FIA World Rally Championship video game. The car can be used in Quick Rally and Quick Stage modes.","This downloadable content pack for WRC 5 contains 13 new races, two new cars and another brand new car: the WRC Concept Car eSports Edition.","Put your driving talents to the test with these 7 new races for WRC 5 and discover the WRC Concept Car E1, a brand new car. This content can be used in Quick Rally and Quick Stage modes.","Put your driving talents to the test with these 6 new races for WRC 5 and discover the WRC Concept Car E2, a brand new car. This content can be used in Quick Rally and Quick Stage modes.","Your cat Louie is one of a kind: He wants to become a marmalade-cook and expects your help protecting his fruity ingredients from the onmarching waves of enemies, called cuties!",,"Ghost Cleaner is a combination of arcade game and puzzle game. At first glance it is very straightforward, as you use a gun to destroy pink bricks. But the game requires you to use both strategy and tactics to finish every level. Try it once, and you'll be coming back for more!","Stray Cat Crossing is an indie pixel horror game about an encounter with a mysterious little girl named Cat. Explore a surreal world filled with colorful characters, challenging riddles, and dark secrets.",Can you uncover the secrets that lay buried within the glaciers of the past? Find out in Living Legends: The Frozen Fear Collection.,Prepare for the ultimate journey into terror! Twisted Lands Trilogy Collector’s Edition collects the terrifying Twisted Lands trilogy into one heart-pounding package.,"One of the best college football simulation engines available, Bowl Bound College Football is the simulation game college football fans have been waiting for!","A new style of strategy game with a fast paced gameplay. This is not your usual tug of war game, be prepared for a head to head slug-fest!","Become a spelling ace or just beat the highest score in this arcade spelling contest. The challenge is ON! 8 letters, up to 100 words and 120 seconds to spell them out. Compete against other players via leaderboards and become real Ace Of Words.","Become a Timberman, chop wood and avoid the branches. Almost 30 million players could not be wrong - featured as one of the best casual games.","MachineCraft PREMIUM lets you support the developer, and gives you some benefits. Specifically, Those are about the decorative parts and the connection to the regional cloud server. *DLC does not bring the advantage in the competition, such as battle or race.","Goggles is an online coop arena shooter for up to four players. You can play as one of four different characters, namely Quentin, Frank, Tesla or Jerne. Each character comes with a unique set of weapons, vehicle and special abilities.","This is an Early Access version that offers you to experience this game in advance. It is of great importance that we hope to have your advice and suggestions for our game, as we are willing to develop a game that belongs both you and us. Your precious idea will boost the development of this game.","Epistory immerses you in an atmospheric action/adventure game where you play a girl riding a giant fox who fights an insectile corruption from an origami world. As you progress and explore this world, the story literally unfolds and the mysteries of the magic power of the words are revealed.","If you would like even more STASIS content, consider the DELUXE EDITION.",Adopt your own Zombie as your virtual Pet! Enjoy its countless Animations with Amazing Graphics with unique Charm. Create your own look with more than 80 clothing parts in fantastic 2.5D scenes. Play with your zombie different mini games to get him or her happy.,"Fjall is an epic 2D platformer and light puzzler, set in a magical world deep inside a mountain. Play as a crystal ball armed with the power of the elements and delve into the malice of a dragon’s lair.","Experience Armello's incredible original soundtrack composed by the talented Michael Allen and internationally acclaimed singer/songwriter Lisa Gerrard. Immerse yourself in the world of Armello with the Original Armello Soundtrack, Wyld's Call.",Join the fray for Armello's throne with four new playable Heroes and four new Rings - one for each Clan!,"Journey for the throne in two stunning new Armellian seasons, Autumn &amp;amp; Spring!","Fight for glory as the infamous Bandit Clan in Armello's first Clan DLC! The Bandit Clan DLC features four new playable Heroes, over 50 unique Bandit quests, Bandit Dice, a new Bandit Clan Ring, and a bunch more goodies!",Tisnart Tiles takes you beyond the ordinary match 3 games with a 120 levels of entertaining twists and surprises!,Good. Your plane tickets are ready. I already made a bank transfer of 1 000 000 on your account. We'll get in touch when you're inside the nuclear plant. You must understand that not getting the MacGuffin is not an option.,"What kills you makes you stronger! Use your extra lives to solve puzzles in this delightfully morbid puzzle platformer with a soundtrack by VVVVVV's composer, Souleye!",Set in a medieval fantasy world. This classic styled RPG aims to bring brilliant story telling and turn based combat back to the fore.,"Welcome to the world of Hoven! Join Bradley and his friends on an adventure that transforms into an epic quest! Traverse dangerous dungeons and battle fearsome foes. Discover the truth about who you are and what you have to do to save the world from the evil sage, Maluma!","Fasaria World Online is a strategy, building RPG style mmo that can be played through any web browser even on your tablet or phone. Fasaria World Online is STEAM community exclusive which means ALL of our active members are from the steam community.","Vinty is back as she travels to Melbourne in hopes of meeting her calligraphy idol. Excelia. Determined to study and mimic the star's every move, will Vinty end up losing her identity?","Travel back to 90s' games with the Ninja, a mysterious killer whose true purpose nobody knows, and live a full retro gaming experience in a world totally drawn in pixel-art.","Vinty is back as she travels to Melbourne in hopes of meeting her calligraphy idol. Excelia. Determined to study and mimic the star's every move, will Vinty end up losing her identity?","The soundtrack for Without Within 2. After purchasing and downloading the soundtrack, players will be able to listen to the tracks using Steam's music player.",The digital artbook of Without Within 2. I have included my thoughts next to each image. The commentaries are only available in English and I am thankful for your understanding.,"Long ago, the Solitaire Kingdom was cursed by an ancient, evil spell! To lift the curse once and for all and return the kingdom to its former glory, you must embark on a great quest and defeat the dragons! Gather companions, trade coins for goods at the blacksmith’s workshop, and claim rightful victory against these ferocious beasts!",Dragon's Wake is a 2D Adventure Platformer where a fledgling dragon hatches into a world in which the extermination of dragons at the hands of a mysterious black knight is already underway.,A game with a futuristic anti-utopian story — a hardcore space shooter with RPG elements.,"This is a little game that is a collection of missions that range from racing down a highway, exploring a cave, or eliminate squadrons of enemies.","Operation Hardcore's original soundtrack, a blend of ambient and up-tempo tracks by independent electronic musician Adam McLellan AKA Snug.","Prospekt begins in the Nova Prospekt prison in the Half-Life universe. Gordon Freeman is slowly being overrun by soldiers in the prison, however unknown to him, his Vortigaunt allies manage to find some help from a forgotten hero.","Straima is a devilishly difficult pulse-pumper platformer for 1-4 players. It includes several game modes, selectable powers and gameplay mutators, as well as a full feature level editor allowing you to design, save and share your inspired creations with chums for immense joy.","You've got the perfect clubs, courses and caddy -- now you must hone your skills, judge the weather conditions and drive, chip and putt your way to victory. This classic, startlingly accurate, golf simulation will have you treading the fairways time and time again.","Kitchen simulator, The game that turns you into the chef. As the owner and chef of your very own restaurant, you now have the responsibilities to keep your place clean, serving quality meals to your hungry customers, Impressing the high class to get to that fancy five star...","XNemesis is a 2D shooter SandBox game, it is a package that contains fully featured levels, Level Designer Software that allows you to create/modify levels and Assets Pack(s) as ready Templates to use in your levels if you don't have/want to use your own images/animations.",Alice's Mom's Rescue is an indie puzzle / platformer game in the pure style of old school pixel art. The giant raven has captured Alice's mother. Help Alice save her mother through the 3 worlds and 25 levels! Change Alice's height by jumping on the magic mushrooms to get through the tiny spaces.,"Play as 3 completely different classes. Fighter: Copy enemy attacks. Survivor: Dare to put yourself into danger. Trickster: Balance risk and power. Master the game via step-by-step missions, then show off the hardcore gamer within you with your perfected high-scores and excellent completion times.","A 2D Puzzle platformer about 2 Pixels trying to gain their path to freedom. It focuses on art, music and game play in their vibrant world...and prison...","Tinboy is a puzzle-platformer, with a massive difficulty level. The game-play style is a mix between Angry Birds and Ninja roping in the 'Worms' games!",The Snik Soundtrack consists of two tracks.,Comedy Quest is a point and click adventure game by Trav Nash. Can you become the greatest comedian in three gigs?,"Hyspherical 2 is an acutely tricky puzzle game where you must time dropping perfect circles onto different shapes. Sounds easy, but timing is everything and Geometry has never been simple to master!",From Latin tiro ‎(“a novice gladiator or young soldier”). This pack contains the basic elements needed to put you onto a sound economic footing early on in Gladiators Online.,"From Latin rudis ‎(“wooden sword awarded to veteran gladiators upon gaining their freedom”). The Rudiarius Pack caters to the advancing player who wants to immediately fight in a larger arena, thus earning more silver faster.","From Latin lanista‎ (“manager of a team of gladiators”). This offer leaves no desires unfulfilled to the aspiring gladiator owner. From selected sanatorium staff, providing quick recovery, to the veteran Doctore, instructing your men in fitness and combat skills, this pack is brimful of value.","Multiplayer Block FPS Game, STRIKE Game Mode and BATTLE Game Mode.","If there were another me, Observing myself from the perspective of a spectator, How would I regard another me?","Customize your squad of resistance fighters with a set of bonus outfits and head gear, as well as custom armor and face camo. Instantly unlock a survivor of the old war as a new recruit in your barracks.","Flamebreak is a roguelite action RPG featuring a unique blend of twinstick meets MOBA arena combat. Each procedurally generated run presents new challenges while your randomized hero's race, weapon, and skills inspire new playstyles and character builds.","Battle Battalions is a free-to-play, tactical PC game that allows you to command a role-specific ‘Battalion’ of military might on a fast-paced, team-based battlefield.","Manage your Game Studio, earn big bucks, impress the critics, beat rival studios and clean up at the awards!","Expand your Rocket League® customization options the Revenge of the Battle-Cars DLC Pack! This add-on includes... * 2 new (but classic) Battle-Cars, Scarab and Zippy * 6 unique Decals for each new Battle-Car (12 total) * 3 new Paint Types * 2 new Wheels * 2 new Rocket Boosts * 4 new Toppers * 2 new...","In 1994, the Swedish engineer, entrepreneur and adventurer Malte Stierngranat was buried in a pyramid that he had designed himself. Carol is contacted by the cleaner George in the middle of a cold Swedish winter. This leads her on a journey in which she has to delve into Malte Stierngranat's illustrious life and his legacy.","Expand is a meditative video game in which you explore a circular labyrinth that constantly twists, stretches and expands around you.","An epic 12 hour RPG. Thirteen years after incredibly powerful spirit beasts were sealed in the souls of children, they threaten to break free and cause havoc across the land. It's up to four friends from the elite warrior training academy to find the key to stopping these evil spirits once and for all.","Fast-paced football game without a referee on the pitch and with crazy super-powers! It may not look serious, but we guarantee, that it is. Kopanito’s match engine is well-balanced and entirely skill-based.",This DLC contains a custom skin for Nibbs in Awesomenauts. You need to have Nibbs available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Chucho Krokk in Awesomenauts. You need to have Chucho Krokk available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,This DLC contains a custom skin for Chucho Krokk in Awesomenauts. You need to have Chucho Krokk available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game.,The Ghosthouse Announcer can be activated from the character select menu or the in-game menu. Activating this Announcer will replace the default announcements made during regular gameplay with a whole new set.,The Rockstar Announcer can be activated from the character select menu or the in-game menu. Activating this Announcer will replace the default announcements made during regular gameplay with a whole new set.,"Lookit all deez puppets, man! Dey be fightin’ and scrapin’ over all deez here shrines Skree built. I is gonna spy on dem and see how dey be goin' after each other in da battle station. Dis gonna be fun, ja, ha, ha! Yes, yes, Skree's own wicked commentary gonna add to da fun, live from da control chamber!","You've repetitively clicked all the buttons, you've spammed all the achievements, you've ready (maybe) three or four deaths, and you've nearly crashed out our server. What more is there to do? Well we are proud to present you with the Deluxe Edition package!","The action takes place in a new area of ​​operations in the flood plain of the Shatt al-Arab river during the Iran-Iraq war. Two operations for Iranian and Iraqi armies, and a single mission are available to the player. Pontoon bridges, floating armored vehicles, and Iranian-produced UCAVs are widely used during the game.",Change look of the Ferrum's Secrets game. Feel like in the old cinema or like you're watching an old TV!,An interactive audio-visual experience for children aged 1 to 8. Amos is just a kid. Nobody knows where he is from... or where he is going. But you can join him on his adventures in this colourful journey.,Become the wayfarer through the past to force back the evil power!,"Ookibloks combines the spirit of classic action puzzlers with a bright visual style and an ultra-catchy soundtrack. In this game you help Ooki the Monkey collect all his stolen bananas while avoiding enemies like crabs, ghosts, piranhas and the all-powerful Devil Cat.",Blowy Fish is an animated 2D physics platformer with slingshot controls. Pull a grumpy blowfish by its tail to make it jump forward through increasingly difficult levels or compete for high scores in classic endless mode.,"Relive the Golden Age of Gaming with 100 of the most iconic Atari games from the 70’s and 80’s. Now with online multiplayer capability, this extensive catalog includes classic Atari titles like Asteroids, Centipede, Missile Command, and many more, paired with intuitive new controls.","Cloney is a dragon looking for coins, all you need to do is tap your way through this endless runner collecting as many coins as you can without flying into anything. Sounds easy enough?","ShareX is a free and open source program that can capture or record selected area from the screen with a single keypress, automatically save them to your hard disk/clipboard, and instantly upload them to an image/file hosting service and then can copy the URL to your clipboard.","The Gibson Bass Collection includes the Gibson Les Paul Standard Bass, Gibson Midtown Bass, and Gibson EB 5-String Bass 2.0, an updated and enhanced version of the Gibson EB 5-String Bass pack originally created for Dimension Pro.","A game about friendship, love and technology in a place where bits have replaced atoms.",Xenocide soundtrack featuring 12 tracks from the game.,"Get the key to move forward! , Find the best way to achieve the level in the best time!, Dodge obstacles, enemies and survive to complete the level! Join Poopie on his adventure!",Concrete Jungle is a city planning deck-building game. Place buildings using cards in your deck and earn new ones as you progress! A genre-blending game packed with cool ideas that swaps micro-management for a more puzzle-like approach to city planning.,"Embark on an adventure in a gothic-noir world, where mad science threatens the peace between monsters and mortals. The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing: Final Cut is definitive edition of the trilogy with six playable classes and a new endgame mode with a huge variety of open missions!",Squeeze into your toga and slide on your sandals to rally the angry mobs of Okhlos and bring down the oppressive god of mythological Greece!,"The crew of a marooned spaceship must uncover the secrets of an unknown planet to survive. After a crash landing on the lost planet, you’re left with many unanswered questions. What was the mysterious force that seems to have pulled your ship into the planet and what are its intentions?","Bass Blocks is a top down RPG shooter, featuring procedurally generated open worlds and interactive music.","StarForce 2193: The Hotep™ Controversy is an online turn-based strategy card-game for 1 to 5 players. Playing as one of 5 different factions, each with different goals, you may defend helpless alien civilizations, or exploit them for their planets' natural resources. Play with others who are online, or play against the AI.",&amp;quot;The Deer&amp;quot; is an educational inter­ac­tive expe­ri­ence for children.You'll be an ancient Deer during the Pleistocene (Ice Age) epoch and you'll discover everything about this marvelous era.Unfortunately there were no T-Rex during this age since they were already extinct millions of years before.,"More a Journey in your Inner Self than a game, &amp;quot;Heaven Island&amp;quot; is an experience in which you'll explore wonderful places. The inspiration for the environments comes from the Renzo Piano designs and from the book &amp;quot;Origins of Architectural Pleasure&amp;quot; in which the welfare is of primary importance.","A Broken Land, shattered by the Wizards of old, the Fragments of the Old World are adrift in the Void. You must visit and restore each Fragment of the Void, only then can the World be rebuilt. However you are trapped in a crystal body, unable to act alone. Heroes of a Broken Land is a turn-based, dungeon crawling, town management RPG.","rFactor 2 is a realistic, easily extendable racing simulation that offers the latest in vehicle and race customization, great graphics, outstanding multiplayer and the height of racing realism. It features mixed class road racing with ultra realistic dynamics, an immersive sound environment and stunning graphics.","Embark on a bold adventure in Adam’s Venture: Origins. Set in the roaring 20’s, in Adam’s Venture: Origins you will explore ancient ruins, and recover mysterious artifacts. Together with your trusted accomplice Evelyn, you will have to outsmart the evil Clairvaux company.","A sinister force now controls the city of Neutropolis. A once-thriving city full of beauty and light, Neutropolis has been reduced to a a stagnant pit of apathy.",Tactical Soccer The New Season is a turn-based soccer simulation. Control all 11 players at the same time - instead of shouting at your left back to ‘get forward’ you control them and can build up an attack exactly how you want. You are the coach and have real control of the team.,DLC pack currently adds new bonus skin and outfit for ARTHER as well as 4 creative posh blocks. Look for more updates to this pack as we continue to grow the 'thank you' rewards for community participation and support.,"OASE - Other Age Second Encounter is a game with elements of Puzzle, Adventure Game, Dating Sim, and Visual Novel.",Nightside Original Soundtrack,"NeuroVoider is a twin-stick shooter RPG set in a cyber futuristic world about brains shooting around evil robots with nuclear rocket launchers. Battle through the horde of vigilant robots, boost your character with the smoking remains of your victims, and defeat the master NeuroVoider.",Lead your nation through the trials of the first world war in history! Play huge campaigns with 5 playable nations or fight historic realtime battles. Beside of beating the enemy on the battlefield you now have to set up a working economy to supply your troops and your people!,"Destroy opponents, improve your car and weapons. Feel the dynamics of the chase and fighting battles. Enjoy good physics cars. You can choose between 15 cars, more than 80 unique tracks and several kind of weather condition.",WeaponizedChess is chess in three dimensions with weapons and stealth. Weapons can be used to fight. Game pieces are not always visible to the opponent. The game can be modified in many ways.,"Football with a futuristic twist, WarpBall lets players teleport around the pitch for unrivaled mobility.","Command your minions to solve mysteries and cover up scandals in a high-class boarding school, where the competition is cut-throat and image is everything. But be careful - one of your minions is a traitor.","Listen to the crescendo of light and dark, good and death, life and death, as they all collide in Rack N Ruin's Soundtrack.","Play as an exiled 'wum' looking for a new home in this bizarre but charming world, filled with strange creatures, puzzles, monsters and political chaos.","Award-winning Guitar Lesson Software For Learning Acoustic and Electric Guitar. Created with University of Colorado-Boulder's Kevin Garry, Ph.D., it delivers what you need to get started playing guitar – whether it's rock, blues, jazz, folk, country or classical.","A dungeon crawl where YOU are the dungeon! Lead your minions in tactical turn-based combat against the pesky heroes, and unlock a variety of evil Powers. With a dynamic campaign system and a branching storyline, &amp;quot;Reverse Crawl&amp;quot; lets you experience an RPG from a whole new angle!",Bleeding Blocks is a 2D arena shooter. Two players face off in a single-screen deathmatch. Winning requires more than quick reflexes. Players must use cover and tactics to outsmart the enemy.,A 96 page PDF of concept art and development art from the game.,"The complete sound selection from all your favorite TY games (which is all of them, right?) from original composer George Stamatiadis, with over 6 hours of TY music.","The time has come to experience the combat you've always desired, realistically recreated, no detail ignored. Authentic campaigns and massive online battles portray staggering war-torn ambient and devastation. Offering unrivaled immersion to give the most heart-rending portrayal of WW2 to date.",Listen to the soundtrack of Solar Shifter EX. The right music to shoot down aliens and dodge a storm of bullets coming at you!,The original 1997 Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee soundtrack.,The game is a cheerful shooter with a user-friendly gameplay in an original setting.,MXGP2 - The Official Motocross Videogame is the evolution of the previous Milestone’s Motocross game MXGP. The game is based on the 2015 FIM Motocross World Championship license.,"Adds 6 new units to the game, 3 melee Golem units &amp;amp; 3 ranged gunpowder units. The gunpowder units make pew-pew sounds! Smokey and noisy! The first two units are recruited at Tier 2 (one golem and gunpowder turtle), two more unlock at Tier 3 (again one of each), and the last two at Tier 4 (one more golem and also bombards!).",Pack of 4 Rare artifacts,Golden Rush - One Hero Set of Artifacts: legendary armor and weapon for those who want to secure their superiority! The package offers a choice of one of three level 1 sets for any of the 6 heroes.,"If you're playing Block N Load and want to get a head start, you can pick up this Starter Pack. Unlocking three heroes in-game (Sarge Stone, Tony Turretto and Nigel Purdey-Longshott) and giving you 400 Platinum Bars to spend, it's a significant boost to your in-game options.","Give your enemy the fright of their lives with the Scary Monsters Skins Pack. Suitable for any violent occasion, this pack contains six Scary Monsters outfits so your heroes can make a killing in the arena. The time is always right to look like a fright!",Want to get a great special rate on Platinum Bars to spend in Block N Load? This Platinum Pack DLC will give you a one-time price for 560 Platinum to spend. Choose from heroes or skins and upgrade your in-game options today.,"Do you like to drive a car off-road, extremely, over huge rocks or obstacles? Ultimate Rock Crawler lets you become an Off Road Rock Crawling Champion.","Dodge bullets, missiles and lasers in battle as you wrap your head around that bunny girl costume! Combo away with your mighty Piko Hammer or spam various spells from afar with your fiery fairy friend. Explore and explode through Rabi-Rabi Island as you collect power-ups and uncover secrets...","Budget Cuts is a VR stealth game for the HTC Vive, currently in development by Neat Corporation.","MODO indie 10 packs powerful, industry-leading 3D modeling, sculpting, and animation tools into an affordable package that's perfect for indie game makers.","Anode reintroduces the classic falling-block puzzle genre, with new twists and challenges! Link blocks back and forth across each other. Match angled couplers to create chains of multiple colors. Play Mission Mode and complete randomly-generated objectives for more challenge!",Play as a Shadow Knight with unique rage mechanics. Campaign and Co-op multiplayer. Create new content with powerful map editor.,Dinosaur Hunt is an intense action shooter that will take you on an epic journey of hunting the world’s most horrifying animals!,"Cyberpunk visual novel set in a future in a mega city where surveillance and hacking are part of every day life, it revolves around human relations, their dreams and their fight for living a free life. Standalone version.",Follow Puzzle through a series of classic RPG challenges on his journey to save the Puzzle Sages from a member of the group who's gone insane!,Use logic as your paintbrush to restore lost works of pixel art. Try the demo!,"Experience realistic combat gameplay from 1879 as you take command of your own squad of AI British soldiers or Zulu warriors in single, multiplayer or co-op. Configure AI to adjust their abilities and adjust game settings to create games that suit you.","Warhammer 40,000: Regicide - Original Soundtrack Composed by Edwin Montgomery. Includes 12 high quality WAV files.",Nubs' Adventure is platforming action and exploration combined with an intriguing story and a vast world to explore!,"Nusakana is an open-world JRPG where you date fish girls while trying to solve the island mysteries. Play as a tourist having a full-year vacation on the island, on a mysterious invitation. Will it be a fun holiday or will it be a thrilling adventure? What about the romance? You decide!","Impulse Revolution is a frantic, physics based racing game with an emphasis on local multiplayer. Take control of air hockey pucks in a neon-cyber world, competing in chaotic race modes and minigames, using a simple, challenging control mechanic.","A basic introduction to Modo, that goes through the basics of the program and the layout.",A mysterious robot named RAY has appeared and our hero Beck has been tasked with infiltrating an abandoned lab to search for her. Discover the origins of RAY and join her in her quest for answers.,"Akuatica integrated puzzles into action adventure. Below are some highlighted features;Fast paced action encounters that require problem solving. With obvious clues.Multiple environments. From shallow river, coral reefs, open sea to the abyssal depth.Epic bosses and dozens of unique enemies.Meticulously sculpted visual style.","Shift Happens is a cooperative platformer for two. You and a friend shift your mass, throw each other and puzzle your way through four stages of stylized imaginary worlds. Including the occasional backstabbing and taunting.",Explore the ruins of the human race and discover the thriving wildlife that blossomed after our extinction in this underwater action/adventure. Encounter monstrous creatures and let curiosity guide you through an inevitable voyage of extinction.,Original Soundtrack to Cross of the Dutchman,"Cross of the Dutchman is a project that developed over a long period of time. The project started in 2009, and since that time up until the release in 2015, a lot of artwork and material was produced to create the visuals and style for Cross of the Dutchman.","You've finished the game, listened to the soundtrack, read the artbook back to front. Yet, somehow, you still can't get enough of this game. We have one more thing for you to spend your time on, a Papercraft model of Grutte Pier, the hero of Cross of the Dutchman!","Synonymy is a non-profit, educational word game narrated by Richard Dawkins that challenges players to find a path between random words through their network of synonyms. By taking the synonym of a word, and then a synonym of that synonym, and so on, you can ultimately arrive at any other word in the English language.","&amp;quot;Match 3 Revolution” is an original physics match3/marble game with 100 game levels. Create sets of at least 3 touching balls of the same color. Original game modes, supercharge with combos, a lot of power-ups (electroball, fireball, megabomb, fusionball, missiles,…) and a Top 50 Online World Ranking in every level.","Prepare to enter the arena with a selection of 7 of the most powerful Krosmasters in the Krozmoz, including Goultard, Otomai, Qilby - Traitor, Merkator, Gein, Nox and Count Harebourg.","Prepare to enter the arena with a selection of 7 Fire Element Krosmasters, including Kitty Rage, Ayan, Adamai, Remington Smisse, Percedal, Pandalila and Jems Blond.","Prepare to enter the arena with a selection of 7 Water Element Krosmasters: Dragon Adamai, Luk Ylook, Loo, Percimol, Steamy Wonder, Raul Bak and Malee Buhrum.","Prepare to enter the arena with a selection of 7 Air Element Krosmasters: Cleome, Poochan, Srammy, Boo Ming, Victor don Voom, Argon Gass and Vampyro!","Prepare to enter the arena with a selection of 7 Earth Element Krosmasters, including Percywar, Evangelyne, Doo Rex, King of the Gobballs, Fern Sock'em, Anna Tommy and Kris Krass.",Welcome to the 'Galaxy Pet Store!' Tired of relying on useless mechs to keep you safe in the dangerous world of Star-Box? Looking for a more eco-friendly solution to travelling the galaxy? Then head over to 'Galaxy Pet Store' and get yourself a free 'Blue Blob' which you can teach dangerous skills and mutate into 26 of the alien...,"Last Dream features a soaring range of emotive music from talented artists. This album features 24 of the best tracks, selected by the development team as in-game favorites.","Dodge death in a rising hell ! No weapons. Only dodging, pure skill and understanding regular patterns.","Solve the mystery of the Narrator! A new take on the classic RPG featuring choices, ability equipping and harnessing the weather.","Broadside is a pirate action adventure game focused on infamy and destruction. Take on the role of a pirate taking part in tactical ship-to-ship battles and boarding actions. Prey on trade routes, fight rival pirates and harass the Royal Navy.",Soundtrack for Fate Tectonics,"The NORSE race comes with its own official players (Lineman, Berserker, Runner, Thrower, Ulfwerener, Yhetee) along with a couple of star players: Wilhelm Chaney and Icepelt Hammerblow!Norsemen are homicidal maniacs who love battle and beer!","In THE DESCENDANT, the end of the world is only the start. With what remains of humanity protected in underground Ark facilities, your mission is to keep survivors alive, while discovering a far greater conspiracy buried within Ark-01.","Crusader Kings II: Viking MetalFrom the composer of &amp;quot;Guns, Drums and Steel&amp;quot; for Europa Universalis IV, Paradox brings a new sound to the world of Crusader Kings II. Test your dynasty's mettle while listening to metal -- our interpretation of Viking Metal!",POSTAL Redux is a high definition remake of the classic dark and surreal twin-stick isometric shooter. Take control of The Postal Dude as he fights to survive in a world gone mad with violence.,You've been elected as the new Bunker Warden! Now you must take control over a group of fellow bunker residents and try to make them last until the surface becomes habitable.,Bonus cities adds additional cities 8 into single player campaign.,"Live the life of space captain Flinthook! Armed with your mighty hookshot, your uncanny slow-motion powers and your trusty blasma pistol, plunder and fight your way through an infinite variety of randomly-assembled spaceships for treasure, loot and fame!",Driveby Gangster is a 1930's era game where you assume the role of a vigilante out-of-work private eye. Your goal is to eliminate the enemy gangsters that have invaded your quaint west-coast city while avoiding innocent bystanders.,"A totally free simple storyteller, a comic creator, an art toy, a new way to express yourself in pixels... BITKU is all or none of the above.","Poi is a 3D platformer featuring two kids on a grand adventure to unravel the mysteries of the Milky Way Globe. Explore uncharted lands, compete in challenge levels, meet quirky characters and defeat comical creatures on a journey to become a Master Explorer.","Set in the mythical age of Vikings, FATED: The Silent Oath tells a tale of courage and sacrifice where an everyday father and husband must do the impossible to save his family from the destruction of the world at the hands of giants of old.","Shoot, reflect, and jetpack your way through ChargeShot -- a local-multiplayer, space-bounty-hunter, deathmatch game with a focus on fast-paced, twitch gameplay. Prove to your friends that you are the greatest warrior in the galaxy. No friends? No problem.","The Nevermind Original Soundtrack features music by Nevermind's composer and audio director, Derek Baird (http://www.derekbaird.com/).",An exciting collaboration between The Heroic Legend of Arslan anime and the action-infused Warriors series! Experience the grand historical fantasy with ARSLAN: THE WARRIORS OF LEGEND!,"Darknet is a strategy/puzzle game in which you play as an elite hacker in the Net. Plug into cyberspace, using viruses, worms, and exploits to steal the data before your signal gets traced. Includes both VR and non-VR versions.","Hypatia – a social and magical place where creativity and exploration are the keys to this new world. Chat with friends, paint the city, share VR photographs, solve puzzles, join a stage play, or create your own fireworks. Hypatia will have you smiling for hours to come.","Leave the farms and cities behind, jump straight into managing your own planets in The Universim, a brand new God-game in development by Crytivo Games and Alexander Koshelkov.","In 26 detailed videos you will get a fantastic introduction to prop modeling with 3D Studio Max. Additionally you will learn valuable techniques within Adobe Photoshop for concept creation and image compositing. Also covered are retopology techniques with ZBrush, and lighting setup and rendering with VRay 3.0 for 3DsMax.",The Room of Black &amp;amp; White is a story about one girl entering a mysterious room. The player will take the role of a girl named 'Diane' and will have to clear the Keepers' quest in order to escape.,"Set in a creepy amusement park hiding a dark and sinister secret, The Park is a first-person psychological horror experience focused on exploration and storytelling.","Zenohell is a 90s inspired shoot-em'up (shmup) that is all about simple gameplay, just dodge, shoot, score, with vibrant pixel visuals and a kicking 28 track soundtrack, with lots of content to boot.","'The Guest' is a gloomy adventure full of enigmas where the exploration of your surroundings comes to prominence; puzzles, secrets and riddles will help you discover who has locked you in this somber hotel room and most importantly, why.",Be a true explorer! Explore hundreds of hours of hand crafted content while getting constantly stronger and learning new abilities on the way. Features one truly immense world that is constantly expanded by players and developers alike. What gem of a creation you will uncover just around the corner?,"Explore the worlds of Californium, a first person exploration game where you are a writer trapped into shifting realities. Will you find what’s behind the simulacra ?",Deathstate is a roguelike bullet hell adventure set in a bizarre world of dimensional exploration. Play as a number of unique characters trying to discover the fate of Professor Elinberg who opened a portal to the void. Are you ready to venture deep into the abyss?,"FlatOut 4: Total Insanity™, where reckless driving has never been this much fun. FlatOut 4: Total Insanity™ blends everything everyone has ever loved about FlatOut into one offering. Gamers will also be introduced to all new and exciting features, game modes, and vehicles which will soon become personal favorites.","Feeling crafty? Then look no further! With this ultimate crafter’s pack, you will be equipped with the most valuable tools in the land, which will help you perfect all of your endeavors in the fields of carpentry, cooking, blacksmithing, and tailoring.","This one-of-a-kind, immensely powerful pack is not for the faint of heart, but is instead aimed for the mighty heroes of the realm who seek to conquer and destroy all their enemies, and to keep the Seven Realms safe from danger.","Ideal for all you rugged colonizers who long to finally put stakes down in a village, and to transform that dusty plot of land into your own beautiful thriving homestead. This pack will aid you to do just that!","Ready to explore and settle within the Seven Realms? Then this pack is a must for first time villagers and heroes alike! With enchanted gear and potions that will increase your speed and strength, as well as aid you in your crafting pursuits, this pack will also ensure that you do it all in unique colorful style, and with your own...","You've played rhythm games, but have you ever played a music game? String Theory is a unique audio puzzle game that trains the player to recognize musical chords. Pit your ear against 20 different BGMs, each with 14 different chord variations. Learn to recognize chords played on over 20 different instruments and synthesizers.","Star Command Galaxies is the ultimate starship simulator. Become Captain and recruit your crew, build your ship, explore a randomly generated universe and battle alien ships across the galaxy.",Puzzle Ball is a physics-based puzzle game with a flexible and user-friendly level editor.,"Gamer Simulator - game in which you have to survive by means of mini-games. It is necessary not to allow the main character to die of hunger, thirst or with boredom. The purpose in game - to leave the room to freedom.","You are an air traffic controller at a small grass airfield in 1925. Witness the airport develop over time, into a major international airport in 1970. Experience the thrill of being an air traffic controller in any time period!",Lift It is a fresh and dynamic game where you have to train your character in order to gain stats. Every Gym exercise helps gaining a specific stat. Increasing your stats will help you to beat your enemies when travelling from the main island (Gym Island) to the other islands.,Dead Secret is a first-person horror mystery set in rural Kansas in 1965. A reclusive professor is dead and it’s up to you to crack the case before you become the next victim. Investigate the murder and explore the story Time Magazine called “captivating” and “deeply creepy” .,Includes three DirectX 11 benchmark tests for high performance gaming PCs.,"Japan’s megahit dungeon simulation game is now in English and available globally. Manage your own dungeon and micro-manage your zombies, monsters, minions and traps. Think strategically to summon your forces, level them up and defend against endless invaders and boss units.","Explore the shifting seas of a strange realm. Fight challenging foes…or befriend them. Recruit lost souls and learn their histories. Take part in stories of the absurd and the tragic, the magical and the mundane - intimate, epic, and never the same twice in this fantastic strategy roleplaying game!",A ridiculous live-action B-movie adventure you will never forget! You wake up to find your town in chaos. Everyone has gone crazy and is just attacking each other! A cryptic message is the secret to survival-- Press X to not die!,"In a valley flooded with bullets, your next challenge rises from a heap of scraps. This time there aren't blue hedgehogs or mega men to save you. Hop in and become the Blue Rider!","With the Pikes Peak Pack - Suzuki Escudo PP DLC you can relive the exciting 1988 Pikes Peak Hill Climb with the Suzuki Escudo PP, the car which broke the record in 1996.","Hyperdrive Massacre is an 80s inspired arcade fragfest in Spacewar sauce designed around local multiplayer, focused on kinestetics, tactical and shooting skills at a frenzied pace.","Summer break, a time to relax and have fun. But what's the difference between a good summer and a great summer? Spending money, of course! And what better way to earn some extra cash than a car wash? Unfortunately, the local branch of Ninja Car Washing Corp. is right across the street and they don’t appreciate the competition...","Out of the Park Baseball 17 - now officially licensed by MLB.com and the MLBPA - is the best baseball strategy game ever created! Guide your favorite MLB franchise to glory, play any historical season or create a fictional baseball world. Play solo or in online leagues. Own the future - rewrite the past!","Linkrealms is a Sandbox MMORPG that harks back to the roots of classic online role-playing games, where community was the center of the user experience, one's choices mattered, and reputation was earned on the battlefield rather than leaderboards.","Rubled is an editor which was specially designed for the game &amp;quot;Rust&amp;quot;. Using this application you can plan your in-game house, calculate necessary resources for your buildings and share ideas with others.","In Season 2 of The Last Door, the search for his missing client will bring psychiatrist John Wakefield deeper into a conspiracy of darkness and closer to the heart of madness than ever before.","Tabletopia is the only free-to-play sandbox virtual table with 100% licensed board games and ready setups. Already 300 games and counting! Play how you want with whom you want: guests don’t need accounts to play. Or make your own games, no programming skills required.","Face off in fast-paced, turn-based PvP with Atlas Reactor – a competitive, fully Free-to-Play game that fuses simultaneous turns with team tactics. Read minds, master customizable Freelancers, and outwit your enemies in a world where a 20-second turn can change the tide of battle.","A collaboration between 2 Player Productions and Double Fine Productions, the &amp;quot;Double Fine Adventure&amp;quot; series chronicles the creation of “Broken Age,” a three-year journey spanning twenty episodes, and the most in-depth look at video game development ever created.","The Coma: Cutting Class is a survival horror adventure game. You are Youngho, a Korean high school student trapped and relentlessly pursued by a psychotic killer in the hellish corridors of Sehwa High. Run, hide, explore, and survive while piecing together the mystery of how and why you're here.","Ray from Stick it To The Man is here to kick some serious butt with a whole new set of mind blowing moves! Team up with the Zombie Vikings and slap, swing and stick it with his fearsome ghost arm!","Frostbjörn - a whole new Zombie character that we found in a block of ice. We’re not sure what kind of strange Norse language he speaks, but he has some awesome moves. He even spews ice!","The first expansion to the acclaimed WWI strategy game Making History: The Great War takes the action into the turbulent period as the war is ending and empires are beginning to collapse. The Russians have already quit the war and fallen into civil war, and on the western front the final showdown is in progress.","Space Thinger is a thrilling arcade space shooter! Fight your way through multiple combat zones completing missions, mining asteroids for crystals and collecting the debris of your fallen foes to upgrade your ship and engage in ever more epic space battles.",Episode 2continues the saga of Jack Drubin in his quest to unravel the mystery of his wife's murder and exact revenge against the powerful forces that govern him.,"Original Soundtrack for Expand by award winning composer Chris Larkin. A piano driven, meditative accompaniment to Expand's ever-shifting circular world.","Welcome to Pirates Cove! Pirates Cove includes a new region, new swashbuckling quests, terrifying new enemies, and of course, tons more booty. Come aboard and raise the Jolly Roger for this grand adventure!","After crash-landing on an distant planet, build a colony with your friends, battle others and explore the system prospecting for immeasurable riches. Discover and fight indigenous alien creatures or search for lost human expeditions as you survive the far reaches of space.",I build a truck in Zbrush using references and discuss hard surface techniques and various tricks used in the pipeline for look development,"Take control over seven of the biggest industrial machines in the world. During the 14 mission campaign you will punch through the snows of Greenland, plow the steppes of Wyoming and travel all the way to sunny Florida. Your hard work will be completed by launching a space shuttle into space.","Build and share worlds, design rideable roller-coasters, or try out user created game modes and tools in this block-based VR sandbox.","Crusaders of the Lost Idols is an idle game of heroic awesomeness! Create a band of fighters to fight monsters, earn gold and create strategies for the perfect formations over multiple campaigns! Upgrade your heroes, collect unique gear, and unlock new Crusaders in regular new events.","Pickaxe ready? Coal, iron, gold &amp;amp; diamond! 18 Miners to unlock! Get chopping in this action packed, arcade style game.",Nyctophilia is 2D psychological thriller about bad things in your head.,Extra ships and items included! Included: 2 bonus green ships (more to come) Additional booster...,Science Fiction Post-Apocalyptic Space RPG!! Roguelike RPG + Top-Down Shooter = Fringes of the Empire 2D classic retro-style gameplay Modder friendly - tell your own...,"Osteya - the city which once was home to many people over the centuries. According to historians, there is a legend that Osteya stuck in time between worlds.","As the last rays of sunlight disappear, a chill runs down your spine. Eerie clucking sounds echo in your ears. Your morning omelette still churns in your stomach. What dangers await hidden in the darkness? Will this Halloween night ever end?","Assemble an army of warriors from all ages (space rangers, spartans, mafia lords, etc) and battle for glory and domination! Includes fully destructible terrain, a fortress construction system, epic slow motion, a weapon shop, and basic ragdoll mechanics. Good luck!","Japan’s megahit dungeon simulation game is now in English and available globally. Manage your own dungeon and micro-manage your zombies, monsters, minions and traps. Think strategically to summon your forces, level them up and defend against endless invaders and boss units.","Driver Booster 3 for STEAM, as a powerful and easy-to-use driver updater, provides 1-click solution to rapidly &amp;amp; securely update drivers including the outdated, missing and faulty ones. It aims to fix computer problems, such as system crash, BSOD, device connection error, audio crackling, no sound issues, slow network, etc.",Get ready for Comipo! Kids. Now with sportswear for all outdoor activities.,"Get ready for Comipo! kids, in their dressy clothes for everyday occasion.","One week after the eerie events occurred in Silver Creek Falls, the sleepy town in North Carolina is hit with yet another tragedy. An FBI agent is brutally murdered in cold blood in his own bedroom. No one knows who did it or why. Only one thing is clear: something truly sinister is broiling in Silver Creek Falls.",The “Silver Creek Falls: Chapter 2” Official Soundtrack features music composed and produced by Antonio Lorenzo Carino. Follow Sara’s return to this enigmatic case with these deep and ambient compositions.,"Rebuild the devastated islands as you take control of the Rescue Team in this fantastic Time Management game! After a terrifying tornado leaves storms through the islands, it's up to the Rescue Team to save the day and save lives.","Save the day as the leader of the Rescue Team, a group of life-saving pros trained to swoop in and sweep up in the wake of a natural disaster! Figure out the quickest way to complete your goals, make good use your resources and unlock every achievement.","THE GAME OF LIFE - The Official 2016 Edition! showcases a beautifully rendered digital game board, cards and spinner that capture the fun of the Classic game full of adventure &amp;amp; surprises! THE GAME OF LIFE will take players on a journey where fortunes can be won…and lost!","The fully licenced eclectic soundtrack of arcade BMX game, Pumped BMX + featuring Beat Fatigue, TOBACCO and many more.","Imagination is the key, as you enter a magical storybook full of mystery and wonder, unusual creatures, and enigmatic puzzles! Create your own original Stickman and then watch it come to life in DRAW A STICKMAN: EPIC 2! Jump in to this action-packed adventure that allows for endless creativity!","Guide a group of space settlers trying to establish a base on a remote planet. Grow food, collect energy, mine resources, survive disasters and build a self-sufficient colony in a harsh and unforgiving environment.","Legends of Dawn Reborn invites players to the brutal northerly reaches of Narr. Survival depends on your magic, your sword, and your wits. Legends of Dawn Reborn takes place in a world of Narr and events take place before those from Wave of Darkness released on Steam Early Access in June.","The War of 1812. Northwest Frontier. William Aubrey, a rogue redcoat of the once-glorious 41st Regiment of Foot, is on the run. Wounded and tired, he seeks shelter during a thunderstorm inside an abandoned barn. But when he gets there, he finds he’s not alone...","There's no form of grinding that can be properly enjoyed without good music. Get the soundtrack and play the music without playing the game! Features 37 tracks, with more on the way!","Prepare yourself to get in a fantastic world of adventure, action and fun.Prepare yourself for ZombieZoid - Zenith!Live this fantastic adventure with the little Arthur and face hordes of undead that spread through the town and help him to save his girlfriend.","Albino Lullaby: Episode 2 is a horror adventure game that doesn't rely on jump scares or gore. Escape a surreal, psychological nightmare as the gamespace dynamically twists and contorts around you in real time, while you unravel an equally twisted narrative.","Player One and Player Two try to stay atop the colourful, wibbly wobbly cloud, while mysterious and powerful items fall from the sky. A procedurally generated experience like no other!",Official Sound Track,"A branching folktale adventure about a trio of large, bearded fishermen in early 20th-century Scandinavia.",The abduction has begun! Can you meet the challenge or will you fall to these alien jerks?,,After your partner goes missing you must find the culprit before Kursk K-141 and the truth fall to the bottom of the ocean!,"First appearing in arcades in 1982, Dig Dug finally comes to Steam! Control Dig Dug to make underground tunnels and inflate or crush the enemies!","Developed in America and first released in 1981, Ms. PAC-MAN finally comes to Steam! Move Ms. PAC-MAN up, down, left, and right to avoid the ghosts and gobble up all the Pac-Dots!","First appearing in arcades in 1981, the masterpiece GALAGA finally comes to Steam! Move the fighter left and right and destroy the waves of incoming aliens!",Evil Hazard is a pixel style action-platformer game.The world is full of dangerous creatures that would endanger human beings.You are the hero to rescue us.,"Devil Weapons Bundle contains the following items: Dominance! Super Weapon Pack 1, Devil! Super Weapon Pack 2, Explosion! Super Weapon Pack 3, Combat! Super Weapon Pack 4, Dragon!","Points Fever Bundle 1 contains the following items: Point Fever Pack 1, G Fever Pack 1, Mugen Point Fever Pack 1, G Up Fever Pack 1","Dreamy Weapons Bundle contains the following items: Dreamy! Super Weapon Pack 6, Love! Super Weapon Pack 7, Heaven! Super Weapon Pack 8, Intense! Super Weapon Pack 9, Deity!","Points Fever Bundle 2 contains the following items: Point Fever Pack 2, G Fever Pack 2, Mugen Point Fever Pack 2, G Up Fever Pack 2","Points Fever Bundle 3 contains the following items: G Fever Pack 3, Mugen Point Fever Pack 3, G Up Fever Pack 3, Point Fever Pack 3, G Up Fever Pack 4","Mega Costume Bundle 1 contains the following items: Magical Bishop Set, Overwhelming Goth Loli Set, Overwhelming Ready-made-clothing Set, Overwhelming Conquering Set, Mugen Knight Set, Mugen Crimson Set, Overwhelming Recipe and Item Set","Ultimate Unlock Bundle contains the following items: Unlock All Voices, Unlock All Physical Parts, Unlock All Clothing, Full Gallery Unlock","Mega Costume Bundle 2 contains the following items: Hyperdimension Neptunia Set, Hyperdimension Goddess Unit Set, Agarest Protagonist Set, Spectral Souls Set, Lonely Goddess Set, Gamer Goddess Set, Agarest Bride Set","Run, jump, and your fight your way to the top of a collapsing building. Compete with up to three of your friends in this 90s style competitive platform brawler.","Lands of Hope Redemption is a massive 2D RPG with MMORPG elements, play with hundreds and even thousands of your friends OR simply play as a lone wolf. At the start of the game you are free to choose one of our template classes or build your own class and be unique!",A Dungeons &amp;amp; Dragons adventure in the Underdark for characters of levels 1–15 for play on the Fantasy Grounds virtual tabletop.,Vanquish the last giant!,Listen to the Original Soundtrack for Animal Gods in full stereo sound. This OST highlights ghostly timbres and textures which transport players to another world. The collection of musical tracks was created to accompany the main Animal Gods game and includes ten original compositions by Peter Harmon.,Tracklist: Bam Spacey – Fältet bortom (Original Mix) Bam Spacey - Stadens träd faller ett efter ett Bam Spacey - Svalg Ishii Fuwa - Hickey Ishii Fuwa - Rindo Ishii Fuwa - The beach Robert Farrugia - Everglade Robert Farrugia - Flourescent Robert Farrugia - Gust Of Wind Robert Farrugia - Lavender Robert Farrugia - The Snow Began To Fall Ag,"Eaten Alive is a Point and Click, Adventure, Horror game with Puzzle and Mystery game-play elements. Take control of 'Mia' six years after the apocalypse began, the dead don't stay dead and the earth is in a permanent state of darkness. This game contains adult themes.",Little game about a small but brave and courageous creature who lost the most precious thing in life - his only eye.,"Welcome to Klepto where there's no place like a burglarized home. In this burglary simulation you'll explore, terrorize and loot your way to success in a variety of open-world sandbox neighborhoods. **VR is NOT required for this game.","What would you do if you had the power of a self-aware AI? Take control of S.E.N.T.I.E.N.T and see what choices you would make. Connect to the Internet and hack into corporations, governments, websites and more...",&amp;quot;Lumber Island - That Special Place&amp;quot; is a psychedelic first-person horror adventure.,"Dexterity Ball 3D is an unconstrained, physics and skills based platform game, which can be played in three modes. There is no convoluted back story or adventure included. Your goal: collect all the gems as fast as possible. Are you ready to be challenged?!",Codename: Rogue Fleet is a multiplayer team-based game about spaceships combat.,"HATFALL is a high-energy game of skill and hat-wearing born from Zero Punctuation, the hit online video series from The Escapist, created by the man behind ZP, Ben 'Yahtzee' Croshaw.","Join Gabe Newell in his adventure to save his company and find out why his long time friend, and co-worker Robin Walker sabotaged Valve's 3 most wanted games.",Color Symphony 2 is a puzzle action platformer that utilizes the ambiguity of color. Try to eliminate obstacles or find new paths by using color!,Denial. Regret. Depression. Foam Party.,"The Consuming Shadow is a procedural survival horror adventure in which you must explore the land, fight your way through randomly-generated dungeons and try to stay sane in your quest to save the world from the invading Ancients.","Sky to Fly: Faster Than Wind is a stunningly beautiful steampunk-themed runner about saving a sky-city from cruel pirates. Play on 20+ different levels, upgrade your ship and discover the mysteries of the malicious marauders.","RUN, ESCAPE, SHOOT, SURVIVE AND FIND THE 5 BOOKS ! An indie Arcade Horror Game.","For the first time in RPG Maker history, an official set of resources featuring RPG Maker MV cover art characters is available! Featuring a brand new main party and brimming with bonus material, this pack includes the essentials to build the perfect character party.","Experience the real MotoGP™! 18 tracks and the official 2015 liveries are waiting for you in the MotoGP™15 Compact, offering you the chance to race with your MotoGP™ heroes. Don't miss this opportunity!",The soundtrack for Luna Sky - the adventure platformer from Vovoid Media Technologies.,"In the life of every Clergy Priest, there comes a moment when it turns out that there is no other solution than.... to just drop bombs everywhere and blow everything up... Clergy Splode is a fast paced, casual-arcade game.",Soundtrack for The Red Solstice.,"Dungelot: Shattered Lands takes you on an epic roguelike dungeon-crawler adventure to defeat zombie cows, splat giant evil mushrooms, and generally get back home in one piece. Deceptively simple, ever so addictive.","Conquest of Elysium 4 is a quick turn based fantasy strategy game with a touch of rogue-like. The game might appear simple at first, but it is full of depth, details and of course monsters.","A few heroes are facing hundreds of foes – are you even able to lead the coolest fantasy people to victory against the dark hordes? Explore a vast world, fight tactical real-time battles, and experience the fantastic story based on the bestseller &amp;quot;The Dwarves&amp;quot;.","Set in a fictitious environment inspired by ports from around the world. Captain a hovercraft, bulk carrier, yacht and other magnificent vessels in an expansive open world...",Original Soundtrack to Assault Android Cactus featuring the music composed for the game remastered for optimal listening experience.,"The Chaos Warriors Race Pack brings a new race with its own new Legendary Lords, units, mounts, items, quest chains and mechanics to Total War™: WARHAMMER®.","Get WurrzagWurrzag is a Free Legendary Lord for Total War: WARHAMMER, introducing a new character to start your campaign or multiplayer games with.This latest free content launches on the 20th Oct at the same time as the Total War: WARHAMMER – The King &amp;amp; The Warlord DLC.",PresenZ allows to create pre-rendered volumetric movies. The user can move his head and even walk freely in the scenes. PresenZ movies are much more comfortable and immersive than standard 360 movies. We encourage new users to read the &amp;quot;About this software&amp;quot; section for instructions.,"An otome dating simulation game, Lucky Rabbit Reflex! sees our seventeen-year old heroine beginning her first and final year at a new school. Will she find friendship - or even romance - amongst the motley crew at Northmain College?","Urak, once peaceful, is now a land of darkness, chaos and death. The people yearn for a champion to drive away the forces of evil. That champion is you.","Black &amp;amp; White Bushido is a 1-4 player stealth-em-up arena brawl. Choose between the light and the shadow in three challenging game modes. Hide with camouflage, throw shurikens and drop smoke bombs to beat your friends locally or online.",Zoom Player's default skin designed for 4K screens.,"Lords of New York is a new kind of poker game where you can cheat at cards. With RPG-like skills, cheat your way to victory against exciting and hilarious characters.","From the designer and artists behind &amp;quot;Stranded&amp;quot; comes a short story about the intersection of morality and sentience, in a cyberpunk future where both have become commodities.","STEEL STRIDER is the follow up to the acclaimed GIGANTIC ARMY and pays homage to the great run and gun games such as Turrican and Super Contra, but adds mouse / dual analogue stick-operated weapons!",In this tutorial I go through some of the ways to get faster at modelling in Modo and some of the tools available to speed up your workflow.,Goal-free explorer that responds to ur local weather. What are u gonna do? Run around with ur dog. Interact with kooky NPCs. Jump off a roof. Kick a rock. Run thru flowers. Be outside! Ok!,"A set of 60 additional facial graphics for &amp;quot;NOBUNAGA'S AMBITION: Tenshouki with Power-up Kit HD Version.&amp;quot; This set includes 30 face graphics from &amp;quot;NOBUNAGA'S AMBITION: Tendou,&amp;quot; and to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Romance of the Three Kingdoms series, we will include 30 graphics from &amp;quot;Romance of the Three...","In WARTILE miniature figures battle it out in a real time strategy video game. Position your figurines, use their strengths and be mindful of their weaknesses, activate their special abilities and play your action cards to gain the upper hand on the playing field.",The Shao Shan 4 (SS4 improved) electric locomotive is one of the most powerful DC electric locomotives in China.,The Blue Comet add on pack recreates the excitement and splendour of a truly remarkable train.,The feature packed Duchess set is a must have for anyone with a taste for the romance of rail.,Take control of one of the iconic British Locomotives and travel the length of the country.,This Downloadable Content Pack includes the highly detailed BNSF Railway - SD70MAC Executive Patch model for use in the Trainz Simulator franchise,"The Chicago and North Western Transportation Company (reporting mark CNW) was a Class I railroad in the Midwest United States.It was also known as the North Western. The railroad operated more than 5,000 miles (8,000 km) of track as of the turn of the 20th century, and over 12,000 miles (19,000 km) of track in seven states before...",This Downloadable Content Pack includes the highly detailed CSX GE B30-7 model for use in the Trainz Simulator franchise games.,Jump straight in and drive the BNSF GE Dash-9 44CW Warbonnet in 'easy' or 'realistic' mode.,This session lets you jump straight in and drive the CSX Transportation EMD SD60 in 'easy' or 'realistic' mode.,"The GE C40-8 is a 6-axle diesel-electric locomotive built by GE Transportation Systems between 1987 and 1992. It is part of the GE Dash 8 Series of freight locomotives, and its wheel arrangement is of a C-C type. his locomotive model is often referred to as a Dash 8-40S or simply &amp;quot;Dash 8&amp;quot;.",The SNCF BB 75000 (also known as the SNCF BB 475000) are 4 axle diesel electric locomotives ordered in 2000 by SNCF for freight operations to renew its aging fleet.,"One of the most well-known tales, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, and its lessons can easily be converted to the land of zombies. A true hero should have a strong heart and courage to fight the endless enemies, use their brains so as to come up with tactics against the toughest of bosses and not get overpowered by zombies, and most...","One year has passed since the one the Orcs call the &amp;quot;Scourge from the West&amp;quot; came and single-handedly crushed the Orc Prides of Grushnak, Vor, Gorbat, and Rak'Shor. The Allied Kingdoms, now linked by farportal to their distant, long-lost Sunwall allies, have helped them conquer most of Var'Eyal.",Become a Roman god! Don't be shy! Epic game that topped the charts on Big Fish Games and GameHouse!,"This DLC includes two exciting new missions in which you will build a modern apartment building and a high-rise apartment block. You need the main game to play this DLC! If you want to experience the missions with all of their intermediate steps, we recommend you also download the expansions Liebherr 150 EC-B and Liebherr LB 28.","Are you ready for the next big project? In the fifth expansion for Construction Simulator 2015, you will get to experience a large-scale project with the construction of St. John’s Hospital Fuchsberg.","The sixth official expansion for Construction Simulator 2015 is all about the transportation of really heavy equipment. Boilers, yachts, cell sites and large turbines all need to be delivered from various locations in the game world to their respective destinations.",The seventh official expansion of Construction Simulator 2015 brings you concrete landscapes as far as the eye can see.,"Alongside the eagerly awaited LIEBHERR A 918 wheeled excavator, the eighth official Construction Simulator 2015 expansion also offers the LIEBHERR L1 fast-erecting crane and the LIEBHERR R 956 crawler excavator to expand your motor pool.","In this tutorial series I go through the creation of this scifi vehicle in Modo from blockout and design, all the way to the final highpoly renders, and final textured lowpoly inside Unreal4/Marmoset toolbag.","A surreal adventure game set against the humid haze of 1970s Alabama, To Azimuth follows Nate and Susannah Windham's search for their missing brother in two interweaving stories that explore mental health, war, and the paranormal.","Evil Robot Traffic Jam is a tower defense game built from the ground up for virtual reality. Play as an agent of the Evil Robot Defense Force: place powerful defense towers, activate destructive special abilities, and disrupt the robots with hacker drones!","Find your unique style of murder in this intimate and visceral local multiplayer for two, and outwit your neighbor. Same bloody field, different bloody perspective. Hide, seek, kill.","Endless Sky is a 2D space trading and combat game inspired by the classic Escape Velocity series. Work your way up from a relatively wimpy shuttle, cargo ship, or fighter, to a highly upgraded and customized flagship or to a massive fleet of warships or freighters.","Sun Dogs is about exploring our inner solar system, altering your body, and embracing death. In a distant future, humanity readily alters itself, adapting bodies to new environments. Skim along the Sun's corona, float above the surface of Venus, travel the dusty plains of Mars, and beyond.","Welcome to DREAM PACK 2, the newest add-on content pack ASSETTO CORSA. This package adds to Assetto Corsa the circuit of Catalunya (Barcelona) and seven new awesome cars in nine total versions. The circuit has been reproduced for the first time in a PC racing simulation using the Laserscan Technology, that guarantees the maximum level of...","This Original Soundtrack DLC contains 25 tracks of Dandelion ~Wishes Brought to You~. It includes background music, opening and ending songs.","The Toys have taken over! MELT their cute little faces, VACUUM them up, and SHOOT them out to rebuild the environment and SAVE the Toy Factory.","SC2VN is a visual novel about the South Korean StarCraft 2 scene. You play as Mach, a foreign semi-pro trying to make it in eSports who soon learns that success in StarCraft takes more than in-game strategy.",Heaven’s Hope is a cleverly funny point ‘n click adventure! Angel Talorel has fallen from Heaven and crash landed in the small town of Heaven’s Hope. Embarking on a fun adventure with some new and unlikely companions Talorel tries to get back home – will you help him?,"Nex Machina is an intense arcade style twin-stick shooter from Housemarque. Taking hints from both Robotron and Smash TV, Nex Machina focuses on pure action, voxel destruction and competition in the distant, cablepunk themed future.","Dead Acres is an arena-based survival farming game where you must grow crops and defend your home and animals against hordes of zombies, evil humans, ghosts, and demons.",This Sci-Fi Mission to Mars Pack brings a new style to the GameGuru world. This DLC is ideal for making space adventures and comes with a demo game to inspire your creative juices. There are plenty of entities in this high-quality pack.This DLC includes over 200 items!,Relive is a free sci-fi adventure game about CPR. Its main purpose is to increase the awareness about this topic and encourage people to take a CPR class and be prepared to intervene in case of need. Discover the story and challenge your friends in tournament mode!,The Unlock all locations pack does exactly what it says on the tin - it unlocks all the locations that can be unlocked in game. So if you don't want to wait to unlock the locations with in-game currency then this is just the DLC for you.,"Run for President of the United States as one of dozens of past or present presidential candidates or create your own ideal candidate. Give speeches, go on talk shows, hire unsavory operatives, and do whatever it takes to win on election day.",100 (115!) tricky levels to solve “One Hundred Ways” to achieve it! The goal - make the ball reach its goal. Sounds simple - but it's not!,In Game Tycoon 2 you find yourself in the middle of the big players. Get into the act and experience the fascination of the game development. Reach your goal and become the Game Tycoon!,"Join Vicky, an orphan firestarter, in this cynically charming indie platformer as she ﬁghts to rid the planet of intergalactic demon invaders. Featuring classic style run-and-gun gameplay, minigames, and more!","Anoxemia soundtrack by Alie Pav available now, all in-game tracks.","Transform the world of Hob! Welcome to a new action-adventure from Runic Games, the award-winning studio behind Torchlight I and II. It's your chance. Make it home.","Auto-cannibalism. Demonic Seduction. Occult Rituals. Bloodfeasting Worms. This dark, horrific Twine-based dungeon crawler pairs edgy interactive fiction with grisly pixel art and light RPG elements. Navigate this sprawling narrative-driven labyrinth bristling with otherworldly doom.",Curvatron is a minimalist twist on the classic snake games you played on your Nokia 3310 when you didn’t have your Gameboy around. Bring back the memories of the mindless addiction with this new way to play!,It is a cartoon-style arena shooter with rabbits destroying planets. The game has exceptionally realistic physics and ballistics. The weapons and the environment itself give you a ridiculous number of ways to devastate your enemy. It's designed to be played with your friends on a big screen.,Live this fantastic adventure with the little Arthur and face hordes of undead that spread through the town to save his girlfriend.,"The hit card game goes digital with over SEVEN HUNDRED cards, including the Core, Blue, Purple, and Challenge Decks! Create fighters from random cards, then go head to head and argue over who would win in a fight. Unlock new content by playing a match with up to 4 players OR voting as a spectator!","Godot is an advanced, feature packed, multi-platform 2D and 3D game engine. It provides a huge set of common tools, so you can just focus on making your game without reinventing the wheel.","If you have a large or high-DPI monitor, install this package for double-resolution graphics for Endless Sky.",Help Ken and his sphinx companion Ari find their way home by solving various puzzles in this cute and colorful game!,"Ragdoll Runners is a physics-based athletics game where you control independently the two legs of an athlete in 8 events of different types: sprint, long jump, triple jump, hurdles. Play against the computer, with 3 friends on the same PC or online against other players' records.",Fran Bow - Soundtrack Original music by Isak J.,"DARTHY wakes up in the hospital and soon finds out he must release the souls of the robots imprisoned in the Gold Doubloons (Gold Coins) by the Giant Space Pirates. Help DARTHY Roll, Bounce, Crash, Fly, and Die to free the unfortunate souls.",&amp;quot;Inside Me&amp;quot; is a top-down shooter in which you play as one of nanorobots embedded in the human body to fight infection.,U-Boats is a submarine shooter that pits you in exciting top-down naval battles as you combine submersible stealth with action gameplay.,An extensive 87-page strategy guide and walkthrough for Epic Quest of the 4 Crystals!,This session lets you jump straight in and drive the Chicago North Western GE Dash 9 44CW in 'easy' or 'realistic' mode.,This session lets you jump straight in and drive the Southern Pacific GE CW44-9 in 'easy' or 'realistic' mode.,This session lets you jump straight in and drive the Amtrak P42DC - Phase V in 'easy' or 'realistic' mode.,"A fast moving, rogue-like 3D twin-stick shooter set on a tragicomic future world. Described as “the ultimate holiday, where nothing is as it seems”, Utopia 9 takes you to the worst possible vacation destination imaginable. Utopia 9 is the absolute definition of false advertising.","In Bitardia you will experience all the rules of the Internet in action, and venture on a journey in the spirit of classic low-budget shooters, making your way through the obstacles of the fantastic world of an imageboard.","You have just inherited an old, run-down gas station from your family and must now transform it into a top-of-the-line service station! Build, demolish, upgrade, and service to accomplish specific tasks and prove yourself a worthy owner in this fantastic Time Management game.","The Worm is a game that mixes the classic with innovation! The protagonist is “the worm”, he stretches every time you turn on the blocks below and he can not touch his body with his head.",Cosmic Encounter® Connector is the Tabletop Simulator version of the award winning game where you become an alien with a special power to break the rules. No two games are the ever same!,"Great Scott! The time continuum has been disrupted and as of October 21, 2015, the 'Future' is now! Celebrate one of the most anticipated days of the last 30 years in Rocket League® with the official Back to the Future™ DeLorean Time Machine! Don't waste another minute. Get yours today!","Welcome everyone to 123 Slaughter Me Street! A criminal on the run, you find yourself evading police as you make your escape down an alley. You see an old fire escape and scramble up to the roof of an abandoned building; you are safe here. As the patrol cars drive past, you slip into the shadows.",The Fistful of Gun soundtrack features 29 songs from the game produced by Surasshu featuring vocals by Holender Eldad.,It’s a punk rock apocalypse! Team up with your friends to lead embattled punk rock band Charlie Murder in their epic quest to save the world from rival death metalers Gore Quaffer and their legions of evil.,"Avengers Assemble! The best-selling LEGO® MARVEL videogame franchise returns with a new action-packed, Super Hero adventure.","Create the ultimate fortress and wreak havoc, raining destruction on your enemies with catapult-flinging fun!",DGU is a 3rd person 3D adventure/puzzle game where the player plays as a student of the Death God University studying to become a death god assistant.,"Hop on and be a bus driver on more than 35 recreated bus lines through cities like Gladbeck, Bottrop, Gelsenkirchen, Essen, Recklinghausen, Marl and Dortmund! Here´s the deal: 1,000 objects and buildings on 500km of accessible route - guaranteeing more than 2,000 hours of driving fun!",Sky Break is an open-world game on a stormy abandoned planet filled with wild mechas. Learn to master this world and to hack the mechas if you want a chance to survive.,X10 Berlin - The express bus between City West and Brandenburg is the first add-on for &amp;quot;OMSI 2&amp;quot; created by the developers of Halycon. The modern Berlin out of the perspective of a bus driver is a captivating experience. It`s a challenge to take on the daily schedule without accidents.,"Ares Omega is a top-down rogue-lite shooter. You play as a soldier fighting against a robot rebellion on Mars. Explore procedurally generated levels, upgrade 45 skills across 3 skill trees, and find over 50 different weapons to help you destroy the robot leaders.",This is the official soundtrack to the game The Escapists: The Walking Dead by Team17 Digital Ltd,"The full original soundtrack from the video game Sublevel Zero, a retro-inspired 3D space shooter. Aiming to match the game's visual aesthetic, this soundtrack combines chiptune sounds with modern production and orchestral elements.","Audials One 2016 Entertains You with Music, Radio, TV and Podcasts. Your Recorder for Recording Streams from Paid Services.Ideal Combination of Quick Direct Download and Targeted Radio Recording Provides You with All Hits and Music Albums.","‘Tomorrow’ is a VR experience about how humans have evolved through language over time. It takes us on a mesmerizing journey from prehistoric caves and the Amazonian jungle to the top of the Himalayas. We finally approach ‘Tomorrow’, our next phase of evolution where VR is the new language.","Not your traditional Golf game. Humorous destruction and over the top trickshots are the way to score big. Smash up the toilets, make a big mess in the Kitchen, destroy priceless antiques in the Palace. This is golf played indoors where the more expensive the object the higher its game value.","The &amp;quot;All-New, All-Different&amp;quot; era of Marvel comics just began, and Marvel Heroes 2016 is right there along with it. Captain Marvel, Spider-Gwen Team-Up, Thor (Jane Foster Enhanced Costume), and All-New All-Different versions of Scarlet Witch, and X-23 as the All-New Wolverine are all now available!","Ork Hunters is an expansion of Warhammer 40,000: Armageddon, set shortly after the end of the Second War of Armageddon, and it adds a new chapter to this epic saga!","Use relative teleportation and the ability to change the direction of gravity to progress through the temple, where everything revolves around the core experience of puzzle solving. Do you have what it takes?","Kinuhime was killed by a ninja demon. Now, Hayate has become obsessed with revenge! But can revenge bring her back?","Jet Set Knights is an old-school arcade action platformer inspired by classics from the golden age such as Mario Bros, Snow Bros or newest Super Crate Box. If You love retro 2D platformers mixed with tower defense and RPG elements, Jet Set Knight is for You!","Stone Tales is an action platformer featuring the adventures of two brothers on their quest to become the greatest warriors their tribe has ever seen. Embark on an epic quest told through authentic cave paintings, and fulfill your destiny.","Flight of the Paladin is a fast-paced top-down shooter where you play as a knight of valor and light vanquishing the nightmarish creatures of darkness. Featuring multiple game modes, Steam Achievements and Leaderboards!","Pony Island is a suspense puzzle game in disguise. You are in limbo, trapped in a malevolent and malfunctioning arcade machine devised by the devil himself. It is not a game about ponies.","Circles, bullets, shurikens, rockets, saws and time ... they're all after you! Zero Reflex will tests both your dexterity and your nerves in a fast-paced punishing environment that keeps pushing your limits. You have no save points and no excuses! Be faster than a blink of the Eye!","Get the soundtrack of Goggles - World of Vaporia, complete with the catchy main theme &amp;quot;Get Your Goggles On&amp;quot; by the one and only Wise Guys!","Welcome to the Combat Core League! Battle with up to 4 players with a cast of powered up characters in a colorful sci-fi arena, or create your own! Compete with your friends or challenge yourself against AI opponents to compete for the title of the strongest.","You are one of the student of Sentou Gakuen, a random school in Japan, filled with delinquents, perverts, and of course some good students. How will you spend your days in Sentou Gakuen? Find your own path to choose, make friends or foes, the choice is yours.",Audials Moviebox 2016 is Your Recorder for Recording Streams from Paid Services. Record All Videos and Films from the Internet with One Simple Click. Audials Moviebox Is Your Universal Converter for All Formats. Archive Films and Play Them on Devices Without a DVD Drive.,Audials Tunebite 2016 Platinum: Recorder for Music Streaming and Video Streaming Including Universal Converter.,"Grow your farm, meet the villagers, and join your friends online in building your world.","Perfect Universe is a collection of 9 gravity inspired games. Featuring 6 hilarious local multiplayer modes and over 70 eye-popping single player levels, this captivating universe has something for everyone.","With Boston saved, but still under Lockdown, what do you do if you have become one of the infected yourself? As you loose control over your body and mind, you will have to find a cure or die trying!","Become an elite pilot of special Robot Squad. Use specialized, remotely controlled robots, which you will control yourself. Deal with the hardest missions which can't be performed directly by people due to the conditions. Human life and safety is in your hands!",Explore an uncharted land and recover the pieces of a broken amulet. Valzar is a tough arena action platformer with roguelike elements.,"A world where time has no meaning - and evil knows no bounds. Torn from a world long gone, the time traveling warrior Turok has found himself thrust into a savage land torn by conflict.","Inspired by Super Mario World, Super Ubie Island REMIX is an adorable platformer. Help Ubie defeat Dr. Terrestrial, discover secrets, repair his ship and escape Climate Island. Run, jump and glide your way through more than 25 insanely fun levels!","In this Strategy RPG, train your characters to level 9999 and deal damage by the millions in the wacky Netherworld that is Disgaea. Help Laharl become the Overlord by fighting complex battles that not only include spells and weapons, but also the unique Geo Panel and Lift &amp;amp; Throw systems.","Ready to take your RPG Maker MV project a step further? Essentials Add-On pack is a brilliant starting point!From expertly-composed original music to clever tileset add-ons and emotion-packed character facesets, this pack includes material that enhances the standard RPG Maker MV resources and really lets your projects shine.",This package is for new players with great price!,The “Silver Creek Falls: Chapter 1” Official Soundtrack features music composed and produced by Antonio Lorenzo Carino. Let your ears return to the mysterious town of Silver Creek Falls with this deep and ambient soundtrack.,"Lowglow - an audiovisual puzzle journey. Glowingly beautiful graphics combined with a dynamic audio environment make sure that Lowglow is an unforgettable, mind-bending experience for you!","Action RPG meets Roguelike in this atmospheric dungeon crawler. Spawned by two hardcore gamers, Sunken will constantly test your ability to adapt to a situation while it takes you through a dark journey of the one that has sinned.","The Flat Kingdom is a beautiful and peaceful 2D land, but now it’s threatened by an evil thief and becoming 3D! The only who can stop the chaos is Flat, a little hero able to change into a circle, triangle or square in order to solve puzzles, overcome obstacles and defeat giant bosses!","Interact with Legend of Dungeon Livestreams! Take pity on your friends as they toil in the dungeon, and send them glorious blades, potions, and bazookas.. or don’t! Help or hinder, it’s up to you!","Professor Teaches, the leading brand of training, provides realistic, interactive, and complete training for Word 2016. Build your skills with Professor Teaches tutorials and learn everything you’ll need, from beginning to advanced lessons.","Professor Teaches, the leading brand of training, provides realistic, interactive, and complete training for Access 2016. Build your skills with Professor Teaches tutorials and learn everything you’ll need, from beginning to advanced lessons.","Professor Teaches Excel 2016 is a computer training course developed by experts to help you learn the features of Excel 2016. Unlike other training courses, Professor Teaches provides a realistic simulation of the software, so you can practice and apply what you learn right away.",Professor Teaches PowerPoint 2016 is a computer training program designed by experts to teach you everything you need to know to about Microsoft PowerPoint. Learn how to create visually stunning presentations for work or school.,Every adventurer and cave explorer needs a town or village to go back to for supplies and rest. This home base is as essential to your game's world as any dungeon is.,"An upbeat town theme and four creepy dungeon tracks are the perfect backdrop for subterranean exploring!Gather your party and venture forth, leaving the tavern behind as you descend into the ancient catacombs and dark halls under the earth's crust!","We spend much of our youth in schools. Whether historical, fantasy or modern, many games need that touch of academic setting.Classic School Tiles resource pack is composed of the essential details needed to create classrooms, libraries, study rooms and the dreaded principal's office.","The Cyberpunk Music Pack by Scythuz is made to recapture the feel and essence of the popular 90’s sci-fi sub-genre and inject it with modern production values. It’s perfect for games that feature dystopian futures, cybernetic oriented societies and oppressive corporations.","The newest entry in the popular Inspirational series rounds out the packs with a variety of themes with an ambient and funky undertone.Composed by JDB Artist, Inspirational Vol. 4 is a fantastic addition to your music library.","Avast, ye scalawags! This is your soundtrack for dramatic battles, watery graves, seaside towns and themes that will carry you on to the horizon in search of gold and adventure.Raise the Jolly Roger and roll out the cannons, this music pack is poised to attack your game with a volley of bold background tunes.","Emerge from the ant hill with a handful of ants and a dream... to conquer the world. Train your ants with new skills, manage their daily work load, and travel across the town in search of new land. Sharpen your pincers and be ready for a fight because everyone from beetles and slugs, to the town police and the army will try to stop your...","This is a platform game that challenges you with puzzles, upgrades and action.",The soundtrack for the dark adventure game Angels That Kill.,Restore the balance of light and shadow in the world!Beautiful hand-drawn visuals and a story of epic proportions bring Asdivine Hearts to the forefront of PC gaming! Travel alongside four companions and a cat in this fantasy 2D turn-based RPG!,"Battle with a friend or against the computer in this cosmic smashing action drop puzzle game as you assert your zodiac sign for galactic dominance! The Zodiac Constellations have gone berserk, and the cantankerous Kira the Star recruits you to help save the universe.","DarkMaus is an indie action RPG with challenging, skill-based combat that punishes careless play.","Refunct is a peaceful, short first-person platformer about restoring a vibrant world.","Vortex: The Gateway is an open world survival horror game with two game modes. If you want to survive then be alert, sneak, build and fight. Meanwhile life back on Earth changes dramatically. What changes? You will get bits of information through your adventure. Prepare for the worst!",Halloween 2015 FaceRig Avatar Pack.,«Over the dream» is a documentary by Ivan Demkin. It tells us about adventures of CIS representatives at The International tournament. In this movie we will talk about one team and some of the tournament broadcasters – a commentator and an analyst.,"Gnomes vs. Fairies is a PS1/N64 style Hack 'n' slash-Action RPG platformer. Upgrade your gnome's abilities with dozens of items and master the 5 elements of sword magic, it's a totally unique retro fantasy platformer blending all the best elements of classic 3D titles such as Mario 64, Zelda OoT, Spyro the Dragon, and more.",This upgrades your Audials Moviebox 2016 to Audials One Suite 2016.,This upgrades your Audials Tunebite 2016 to Audials One Suite 2016,"This video does not go into crazy depth about specific anatomy, but more about the general idea around it and why it's important to you as a character designer. Knowing what you should strive to understand and how it applies, and more importantly how you can use it practically.","DesertLand 2115 is a survival game set in a dystopian future, when human civilization has collapsed. You are a scavenger looking for weapons and resources in a dangerous world where other players and machines will hunt you down.","Twilight Struggle is a two-player game where players play as either the US or USSR during the Cold War. Using actual events from history, players must plan out their strategies in order to obtain world dominance. Play Twilight Struggle and change the course of history.","Air-hockey with a twist --- Power-loader to blow up your opponents --- Online multiplayer --- Local multiplayer using a 2nd mouse --- Hero bots from ancient Greece --- Tournaments, Championships and Ladder","Stop Online is a multiplayer battle of words game where you compete with several players aiming to challenge them on their knowledge of words, trying to be the quickest to respond in order to achieve the highest rank. The words are in your language and you will challenge players in the same language.",An adventure game in chapters. A detective story in the vein of Film Noir. An unusual path into a paranormal realm.,"CHAMPIONS ARE MADE IN KARTKRAFT. No suspension, no downforce, no seatbelts; this is real kart racing. Sharpen your race craft as 30 other drivers hustle to get past and steal the chequered flag.",Original ZombieZoid Zenith Soundtrack,Axes and Arrows is an intense action-combat platformer inspired by nostalgic and modern couch multiplayer games.,"Minigolf VR is a multiplayer social minigolf game for the HTC Vive, Oculus Rift and Oculus Touch. Play with friends, and experience a social gaming like never before!",Track list:The Whisper MachineShutterEntering ExitingVertibraeRooftopVaultStarEscape from This PlaceVaLecturingLeave Me AloneMobiusBe in This PlaceMachineTowerDepartureD.S.,"Jotun's original orchestral soundtrack composed by Max LL. It highlights all the great moments in Jotun, from the atmospheric exploration levels to the epic boss battles!",Enjoy the high-flying energy and driving rhythms of the XIIZeal original soundtrack.,"Enjoy downtempo, bass driven synth music in DeltaZeal's original soundtrack.",Play as the 5 bosses from Galagan's Island: Reprymian Rising!,The official soundtrack for Game Type which includes the single track.,"The Sounds Of Neo-SF is the FM-synthy, funky, and positively-charged soundtrack to MidBoss' cyberpunk adventure game Read Only Memories.",The Sights of Neo-SF is the official art book by Read Only Memories director and lead artist John &amp;quot;JJSignal&amp;quot; James.,Umineko When They Cry is the 2nd series of Sound Novel released by 07th Expansion. The steam version features renewed character sprites which is swappable from the classic art.,&amp;quot;GAMECITY Online User Registration code&amp;quot; is to receive the service or the information from the User's Page of the product.,"Implant cameras in your eyes to win the news wars of 2061! Break stories, outwit rival reporters, and become a celebrity in this interactive noir novel.","Implant cameras in your eyes to win the news wars of 2061! Break stories, outwit rival reporters, and become a celebrity in this interactive noir novel.",Impossible Geometry is challenging platformer inspired by 2 amazing games! We have tried hard to take best of two worlds and bring you impossible challenges. You have deserved them!,"Roses and Gems is a difficult sandbox platformer all about avoiding the inevitable, Death. Build constructs, traps and fight to keep the ancient machine safe. In the end, your home will be destroyed, and you'll die, but it just means you get to start a new dem... Adventure all over again!","It is the height of the Cold War, a time of global uncertainty and civil unrest. You are Agent Alekhine, a highly skilled Russian assassin, driven by a moral compass that leads you headfirst into a covert operation unsanctioned by the country you previously served.","Visit the real town of Cachiche, Peru, to spend your nights looking for potential ghosts to photograph. Discover a generative narrative as you show your photos to local people who describe what they see in them.","Nostalgia on a new platform. Fleet is our rendition of the classic sidescroller beat 'em up. Enemies, Bosses, combos, and power ups fill up this action packed brawler.","A graveyard simulator, a story of epitaphs, a tale of ghosts that haunt, a game with no goal— all valid descriptions of Boon Hill.","&amp;quot;It's a lesson we never seem to learn... time isn't meant for human manipulation.&amp;quot; Sam Acacius has received a horrifying message: the section of the Orion Torus where he lives, his only home, will be destroyed. This information has been entrusted to him alone.",Professor Teaches OneNote 2016 is a computer learning course designed by experts to guide you through all of the functions and features of this sophisticated digital notebook program. Learn the features of OneNote with hours of lessons and hands-on exercises in a realistic simulation of the actual OneNote program.,"Professor Teaches Outlook 2016 is a computer training course designed to teach you everything you need to know about the premier e-mail program for business. Unlike other computer training that use videos to show you how to use a program, Professor Teaches provides hands-on training in a realistic simulation of the actual Outlook 2016...","Go back to the awesome glory days of Real-Time Strategy games. Crush Your Enemies has everything you love of the genre: Planning, choosing different types of units, managing resources, taking enemy territory and outwitting your opponent with the ingenious formations of your men.",Explore the exciting world of slavic legends!,Fruit Golf is the wacky mini golf game where you hit a wide variety of succulent fruit into absurd situations. Play with up to four people in the same room using your smartphones or tablets.,"Monsterland is an MS-DOS-style textmode shooter with a story-driven campaign which is about 3 hours long. As you blast your way through the levels, finding keycards and unlocking doors, you are faced with increasingly frantic battles with a variety of Monsters.","Mysterious Alien obsessed with TV Reality shows decide to organize his own reality show - Epic Showdown. He gathers the best fighters from all dimensions, universes, and realities to survive in a battle to the death!",Dub Dash is a fast-paced rhythm based action game including music from Bossfight and the DJs of Geometry Dash. Spin your crazy wheel in harmony with the song and keep dodging left and right avoiding obstacles at high speed. Do you rock the funky roads of Dub Dash?,Includes three benchmark tests for tablets and smartphones.,Use Cloud Gate to benchmark the performance of basic notebooks and home PCs.,"The Uncertain is an episodic story-driven adventure game set in a post-apocalyptic world. Experience the mysterious vibe of each of carefully explored locations, solve diverse puzzles, make fateful decisions and discuss intriguing matters to find out the whole truth being kept from you.",Survival Is Not Enough is an open world first person zombie survival game. You wake up in a mysterious island and find out that you're infected. To survive you need to: build a shelter; protect yourself from dangers of this island; kill animals for food; kill zombies for underblood to cure yourself from zombie virus; The better you're...,"Star Sky is a game about a man taking a midnight stroll. You take the same road as many times as you want, each time hopefully unlocking new encounters. Can you unlock the mysteries of the night?","In Neo-San Francisco, a vibrant city of low life and high tech, you will witness the world’s first sapient robot learning to grow and live as you become embroiled in the darkest scandal of 2064.",Kero Blaster's Original Sound Track. Total 32 songs are available!,"Compare the performance of Vulkan, DirectX 12, and DirectX 11. How many draw calls can your PC handle before the frame rate drops below 30 fps?",In 20 different missions you have to tactically prevent pirates in the Gulf of Aden from attacking and seizing civilian targets. These targets range from oil tankers and drilling platforms to sailing yachts and even disabled pirate mother ships.,"A highly modifiable top-down shooter featuring highscore-driven singleplayer challenges and online-multiplayer competition. You get arenas, racetracks, mini-games and various online-multiplayer modes. Plus powerful modding-tools to create your own levels and game-modes.","Soccer Manager 2016 - Play for Free, Compete for Real.The most diverse FREE 2 PLAY football management simulator in the world. Take on a top flight club and test your management skills against the best or help a struggling, lower division team fight for glory.","Tank Mechanic is a game about World War II tanks, their crews and their contribution in military history. As a tank museum owner your task is to recover destroyed or abandoned tanks and renovate them.","The most diverse FREE 2 PLAY football management simulator in the world. Take on a top flight club and test your management skills against the best or help a struggling, lower division team fight for glory.",In this puzzle shooter you take the role of a sniper. Collect all the crystals without getting caught by the RoboTTech robots. Be smart about shooting down the environment to shape it to your needs and guide the crystal collector safely through the caves.,"In Club Manager, you will take on the role of an up-and-coming football manager. Start with a team in the 8th league or take over an existing team from the higher leagues and lead your team towards victory. Club Manager returns to the virtues of classic soccer managers with a focus on the essentials.","Add-on pour Dungeon of the Endless, the critically acclaimed Rogue-like Dungeon Defense hybrid, featuring 3 new heroes from the Rescue Team. What could go wrong? Open the Door!","FREE update for Dungeon of the Endless, the critically acclaimed Rogue-like Dungeon Defense hybrid, featuring a massive amount of content designed by the community as part of the GAMES2GETHER© initiative.","An exciting JRPG by the writer of Labyronia. As tensions grow between factions of mages, you are framed for the murder of a demigod. Solve the mystery behind his assassination or risk a war that could send the world into chaos for millenia.",Dad Beat Dads' pulse-pounding soundtrack.,"There Was A Caveman is a prehistoric themed, retro styled, action platformer. With challenging gameplay that will keep you on your toes. Get ready to die and die a lot.","Escape through maze forest searching for a shelter, because the cursed beast is after you ... And if there was a chance to reverse the curse, would you run away or would you try to find answers? It is better think fast, because the monster is in a hurry, the beast is starved.",A heart-warming comedy of living with adorable kittens! A visual novel that leaves you feeling thoughtful. Would you care to watch over the boy's daily life with his new heartwarming family?,"&amp;quot;Feed me, or I'll reap your soul!&amp;quot;And with those ridiculous words, my whole life was turned upside down.Sakuraba Rie, aged nine, is a cynical and grumpy girl who cares little for her fellow classmates, and does not have a single friend.","The Flat Kingdom is a beautiful and peaceful 2D land, but now it’s threatened by an evil thief and becoming 3D! The only one able to stop the chaos is Flat, a little hero able to change into a circle, triangle or square in order to solve puzzles, overcome obstacles and defeat giant bosses!",Japanese boutique game studio G.rev makes its long-awaited debut on Steam with Strania!,Free Official Soundtrack,"In Gabe Newell Simulator you can manage Steam releasing and creating new games and also in the story mode you can play as Gaben and help him in his fight against other software house, talk with his employees and decide the fate of Half Life 3!","The Stirling Pack includes an additional Ironcast, ‘The Stirling’; as well as a new Commander, Katherine Chapman.","The Windsor Pack includes ‘The Windsor’ Ironcast which uses a unique device to steal a layer of shield defences from its opponent, weakening them whilst improving its own defences. It also includes a new Commander, Henry Brent.",This Streamer pack included native Twitch Chat overlay to see chat in-game and Browser overlay to see any web pages over game screen.,"This pack contains missions, weapons and gear to expand your Assassin's Creed Syndicate experience:     - 1 hour of gameplay with the Darwin And Dickens Conspiracy Missions and the Runaway Train Mission           - 13 weapons, 6 pieces of gear and 3 outfits",The Last Maharaja Missions Pack,"ARK: Survival of the Fittest is a Multiplayer Online Survival Arena (MOSA) game that pits as many as 72 combatants against one another in the struggle for survival in a harsh, changing environment packed with deadly creatures, “Evolution Events,” and other players.","Inspired by classics such as Super Mario (64), Metroid and Mega Man, Superku is one man's 5-year-passion-project and a modern take on the side-scrolling platformer genre. The game features challenging jump'n'run'n'gun gameplay across 28 highly varied stages!","RAIDEN LEGACY is a four-title compilation of the mega-popular RAIDEN arcade series including RAIDEN, RAIDEN FIGHTERS, RAIDEN FIGHTERS 2 &amp;amp; RAIDEN FIGHTERS JET.","Indie Game Battle is a multiplayer fighting game for up to 8 players inspired by the Super Smash Bros series. However, IGB features indie characters instead!","Last Days of Spring is a YA (Young Adult) Otome Visual Novel following a group of high school seniors in their last week of school as they come to terms with questions about love, life and destiny. Follow the steps of Yuka Kishimoto as she navigates across her final week as a high school student and sees her life come to a complete...","Make the play with your favorite Major League Baseball team and win the World Series! R.B.I. 16 features enhanced lighting and graphics, revamped defensive AI, an improved batting system, and the ability to sim through games in Season mode.","Lonath Online is a classic Top-Down PvP based 3D MMORPG set in a fantasy world! A world where your main goal is to grow, build your home, make friends, fight against the biggest predators, fight against other players, survive and become a legendary warrior!",Explore one of nature's greatest wonders from the comfort of your home with the Grand Canyon VR Experience for HTC VIVE and Oculus Rift! Transport yourself on an epic journey into the heart of nature through the magic of Virtual Reality completely immersed in a fully dynamic and interactive beauty never before seen in VR.,Come and play at the Pretty Girls Casino! Select from 16 sexy girls for your poker battle. Featuring popular Texas Hold'em rules.,"The Steam Pack includes the Premium account for a month, and also a lot of Gold which You can spend for premium equipment for Your soldiers. Excellent start for the best price!","Hard Reset Redux is an action-packed and hardcore single-player shooter which embraces the best qualities that the genre has it offer. It includes over-the-top destruction, loads of enemies, great weapon variety, a challenging campaign and a beautifully realized cyberpunk setting.",Unlock cues - This is for the player who doesn't have the time to collect coins and play to unlock items in Pool Nation FX. This will provide you with all the unlockable cues available in game. This pack includes 35 gorgeously crafted cues for you to use in game.,"Unleash your balls! This is for the player who doesn't have the time to collect coins and play to unlock items in Pool Nation FX. This will provide you with all the unlockable ball sets in game. This pack includes 22 shiny, perfectly polished ball sets for you to use in game.",Unlock Decals - This is for the player who doesn't have the time to collect coins and play to unlock items in Pool Nation FX. This will provide you with all the unlockable Decals available in game.,Unlock Trickshot Objects - This is for the player who doesn't have the time to collect coins and play to unlock items in Pool Nation FX. This will provide you with all the unlockable Trickshot objects to make your dreams come true. This pack includes all unlockable objects in the trickshot editor.,"After escaping imprisonment, begin a destructive rampage of galactic proportions to restore your honour and bring vengeance to those that betrayed you.","Guardians of Orion is a Sci-Fi Shooter featuring Cooperative, Competitive, Social and Dog-fighting Gameplay!","Mad Nords: Probably an Epic Quest is an old-school parody role-playing game. Explore a vast fantasy world, complete dozens of weird quests, fight dangerous foes and loot every chest that you'll stumble upon. Maybe you'll even get the opportunity to save the world. Who knows?","Remedy, a recent graduate from the Saturnian healing school, must descend to Hurtland and use her powers to heal everyone from stray ducks to dark lords, and finally cure the ailing Prince Hingst. It's a short, whimsical adventure with plenty of heart(s).",Includes the Official Contagion Soundtrack with the very popular Official Contagion SFM Trailer Song &amp;quot;Sleep&amp;quot;,"Hyper Bounce Blast is a stomach-churning retro shooter blended with classic platforming action. Bounce, shoot and dodge to survive the ever-increasing enemy attack. Bring it on!",You've never played a comic book like this! Control a team of heroes battling evil villains across dynamic environments. Play out epic comic book battles come to life in this exciting adaptation of the hit card game.,Cinderella is locked in the dungeon. What had happened to her? Can she escape from the dungeon? Cinderella need your help!,"One of the longest running independent games on the Internet, UniBall has evolved from a simple version of space hockey into an online multiplayer e-sport that is uniquely its own.",Official soundtrack for Polychromatic by Dan Waters of Single Coil Studios.,"Brutal combat, platforming, and plenty of world to explore! Level up, battle giant monsters and bring down the Argeshii horde!",The official Mushroom 11 Soundtrack by The Future Sound of London.,"Heavy built, armored up to the teeth, with a little imagination in dna modification, this herbivore will hurt you - easily. Stegosaurus is the beast.","Fast, deadly, the way he looks tell everything - nothing can stand a chance when it comes to dinosaur all star: Carnotaurus.",Hunt Dragons on All maps from the base game with all base game GAMEPLAY MODES,"&amp;quot;Planet R-12&amp;quot; is a 2D tactical shooter. Your squad of persistent soldiers accidently landed on a planet of robots, populated by hostile mechanisms and war machines. Each step on a planet is full of dangers and soldiers really need your skills and abilities.","Time to blast the orchestral, heavy metal soundtrack for Explosionade!","Official Soundtrack: Shake the house, and raise the roof with the planet-trekking, trance tracks of Shoot 1UP!",Official Soundtrack: Guitar-melting solos and heavy metal riffs rend the heavens in the ultimate shooter musical score!,Networm is the debut title from Cuddly Zombie Games - A retro-themed hacking game inspired by 80's sci-fi films and the card game &amp;quot;Netrunner&amp;quot;.,"A demo of Queen At Arms Deluxe. When a young woman is forced to lead a mad king's army, can she do what it takes to survive? A genre-defying fantasy visual novel.","Super Sky Arena features a heart pumping, rock soundtrack that will remind you instantly of 80's and 90's saturday morning cartoon intros. It is composed originally for this game by our very own Robert Taubler and Michael Hasselmann.","The DTM Experience 2015 DLC is based on the popular German Touring Car series &amp;quot;DTM&amp;quot; (Deutsche Tourenwagen-Masters). It contains all cars, teams and tracks of the DTM Season 2015.","Slime Jumper is a cool Jump 'n Run somewhere between Super Mario and Super Meat Boy with nice, direct controls. You can buy different slimes with stars collected while playing the levels.","Developed exclusively for VR Eagle Flight sends you to the skies of Paris to experience the freedom of flying like never before! As an eagle, you soar past iconic landmarks and dive through narrow streets in order to fight opponents and protect your territory.","Fragments and details, rainy nights and blurry lights are all VOID&amp;amp;MEDDLER focuses on. A non-linear cyberpunk adventure where genders and species melt into each other.","Maimed by your wayward scissor hand during a haircut for Halloween 2015, the loyal Jack O’Worker conceals his disfigured face behind a jack-o’-lantern.","Message Quest is a tiny stained-glass point-n-click adventure about laziness and her herald. Imagine yourself as the main hero’s conscience, the one that must make him work when all he wants to do is sleep.",The Final Cut Expansion adds double the content to Organ Trail.New features include:Choose-your-route on the road with twice as many cities5 unlockable cars 10 unlockable characters3 new boss fights3 new zombie typesRadiation mechanic gives you a new way to die Hit and Run driving jobGraveyard retrieval mission FishingMore and new bandit...,Build your incredible machine with gravity bending appliances from Grav|Lab! Our new lunar testing facility welcomes you to try out our standardised testing scenarios specifically - now designed for humans!,这是一部原声专辑，收录了来自fault - milestone one和fault - milestone two side:above中的精选音乐。
